Canny Elevator Co., Ltd.
Electrical Documents
Supplied with Escalator/
Moving Sidewalk
D10C704-STEP.V2.0
Prepared by:
Checked by:
Reviewed by:
Approved by:
Canny Elevator Co., Ltd.
Nov, 2015
Document Memo

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C704
| Versio Chapt |                      | Description of Modification  |                     | Modified  | Date of     |
| ------------ | -------------------- | ---------------------------- | ------------------- | --------- | ----------- |
| n  er        |                      |                              |                     | Document  | modificatio |
|              |                      |                              |                     | No.       | n           |
|              | Before modification  |                              | After modification  |           |             |
|              |                      |                              |                     |           |             |
|              |                      |                              |                     |           |             |
|              |                      |                              |                     |           |             |
|              |                      |                              |                     |           |             |
|              |                      |                              |                     |           |             |
|              |                      |                              |                     |           |             |
|              |                      |                              |                     |           |             |
|              |                      |                              |                     |           |             |
Description:
This manual is subject to change without further notice in case of product
improvements.

Controlled Declaration: The written version of this

document is deemed as valid only with the

handwritten signature and red controlled document
seal. Our company bears no liability for the

validity tracking to all copies and prints without

signature and red controlled seal.

|     |     |     |     |     | 1   |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C704
Overview:
This manual includes electrical schematic diagram and wiring diagram of
D10C704-STEP control system as well as unreeling diagram of safety switch, giving
comprehensive and systematic descriptions on installation, application and
maintenance of the control systems of escalators and sidewalks with this kind of
system. It can be served as an operating instruction on system installation,
commissioning and maintenance.
Model and Meanings:
D10C704-STEP means that the controller is STEP microprocessor board with
VVVF running modes.
A． Variable frequency control without idling mode (single-way normal running).
B． Variable frequency control with low-speed mode during the idling (single-way
economic running).
C． Variable frequency control with the stop mode during the idling (single-way
smart running and low-speed running stop. The alarm relay outputs when
anyone enters inversely. If the system is originally in the stop status, the system
will start up in the original direction and run for 15s to warn the pedestrians).
2

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C704
Table of Contents
Chapter I Control System Introduction ........................................................................................ 1
I. Overview ............................................................................................................................... 1
II. Basic Functions .................................................................................................................... 1
III. Safety Circuit ...................................................................................................................... 2
IV. Escalator Protection Device: ............................................................................................... 2
Chapter II Operating Instructions .................................................................................................. 6
I. Selection of Escalator Running Modes:................................................................................. 6
II. Brief Analysis of the Operation Procedure ........................................................................... 6
III. Running Direction Light ..................................................................................................... 7
IV. Brake Mode ......................................................................................................................... 7
Chapter III Commissioning Instructions ........................................................................................ 9
I. Control Panel, Various Computer Board ............................................................................... 9
II. Escalator speed measurement: ............................................................................................ 13
III. Methods of On-site Detection on Overspeed and Underspeed Sensors of Escalator:
(ensure that the photoelectric position is installed correctly) .................................................. 15
IV. Fault Display ..................................................................................................................... 15
V. Parameter Setting of Frequency Converter, Main Board and Function Safety Board ........ 1 6
Chapter IV Maintenance Instructions ............................................................................................. 19
I. Escalator Routine Maintenance: .......................................................................................... 19
II. Simple Maintenance Method.............................................................................................. 19
Chapter V Table of Fault Code ....................................................................................................... 21
Chapter VI Electrical Schematic Diagrams as well as Unreeling and Wiring Diagrams ................ 2 6
3

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C700
Chapter I Control System Introduction
I. Overview
This control system consists of the upper control box, frequency converter box,
braking resistor box, lower distribution box, lighting, safety switches, and control
buttons, monitoring devices and connecting cables.
a) Microcomputer program control is adopted for this control system. The
microcomputer board is the core of the control system. Main control devices and
main drive controlling parts are in the upper control box. See “Table of Control
System Components” for detail.
b) The power supply should adopt the three-phase, five-wire system, with the phase
voltage of 380V (+7% ~ -7%) and the grounding resistance not greater than 4Ω.
II. Basic Functions
1． Standard Functions:
1) Control the running or stop of the escalator on its upper part and lower part.
2) Select the upward or downward running of the escalator freely on its upper
part and lower part.
3) Non-operable reverse protection.
4) The tachometer interface for low-speed photoelectric switch of the drive
chain.
5) Low-speed photoelectric switch interface for handrail.
6) Over-speed/under-speed protection for handrail.
7) Automatic oiling. The oiling duration and interval can be set, and the oiling is
made during the running of the escalator. The manual oiling can be achieved
by the optional handheld manipulator.
8) The buzzer alarms when the stop is actuated.
9) The system real-time clock function module.
10) The step missing detection photoelectric switch interface
1

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C700
2． Fault records, the latest 100 records shall be kept (the maintenance methods
are excluded) and saved by date
3． Expansion Function:
1) Additional brake system
2) CAN communication remote monitoring
3) Monitoring on the safety switch status of the escalator.
III. Safety Circuit
a) Start from the wiring terminal No. B05 through the safety relay of the safety
function board. The terminal 121 to terminal 161 is the electric safety circuit of
the escalator. The safety circuit shall not be bridged over freely except the
escalator maintenance.
b) After the safety switches in the safety circuit are all connected and the function
safety board is detected without fault, the safety circuit contactor KAS can
pick up.
IV. Escalator Protection Device:
1． Power supply system phase loss and phase failure protection:
The phase sequence protection relay will be actuated due to phase loss or
phase failure of the power supply system, and the safety circuit of the escalator will
be cut off to make the escalator stop immediately or unable to be started.
2． Electric motor overload protection:
When the motor is overloaded and the current is too large, the protection
system will be actuated and the safety circuit of the escalator will be cut off to
make the escalator stop immediately or unable to be started.
3． Step traction chain breakage or elongation protection:
When the step traction chain is broken or excessively elongated during
application, the protection system will be actuated and the safety circuit of the
escalator will be cut off to make the escalator stop immediately or unable to be
2

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C700
started.
4． Comb plate protection:
When the step runs into the comb plate and it is caught by foreign matters, the
protection system will be actuated and the safety circuit of the escalator will be cut
off to make the escalator stop immediately or unable to be started.
5． Handrail entrance protection:
When a finger is stuck to the entrance at the turning end of the handrail, the
protection system will be actuated and the escalator will stop.
6． Step caving protection:
When caving in of any part of the step leads to gearing between the access
and the comb plate not meeting the clearance required, the protection system will
be actuated and the escalator will stop.
7． Skirt guard Clearance Protection:
When the edges of skirt guard and step are stuck by foreign matters, the
protection system will be actuated and the escalator will stop.
8． Speed Monitoring Device:
When the running speed has exceeded 120% of the rated speed or smaller
than 80% of the rated speed and non-controlled reverse running, the escalator will
stop.
9． Emergency button:
Emergency stop buttons are installed in escalator access. The escalator will
stop if the emergency button is pressed.
10． Driving chain breakage protection:
When the driving chain is broken or excessively elongated, the brake will be
actuated and the escalator will stop.
11． Additional Brake:
The additional brake for the power loss action form. Act when non-operable
reversion and 140% over-speed occur, and the main machine chain switch act.
When the detection switch at the additional brake position has no action, the
escalator can only start up in the upward direction and only can run for 3S. The
3

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C700
additional brake is released with a time delay of 5S during the normal stop (the
additional brake is not released during the smart stop).
Several protections related to the additional brake:
1) After the escalator starts upward for 3S, if the detection switch at the
additional brake position has no action, the escalator will stop automatically. If
the switch still has no action after it starts upwards for three times continuously,
it will enter the protection status and cannot restart.
2) 0.5s after the contactors of the additional brake - KZD and KZD1 are
released, if no action of the detection switch is detected, it will enter the
adhesion protection and the escalator cannot restart.
3) When the overspeed is detected and the service brake does not stop the
escalator stably within the limited distance after it acts, the additional brake
starts braking immediately; after the reversion is detected, the additional brake
will absolutely start braking immediately.
12． Step Clearance Illumination:
In the level transitional parts at the upper and lower ends of the step, to
prevent passengers from stepping into the junction between two steps to cause
danger when getting in and out, green lighting is installed under the step to remind
passengers.
13． Handrail running speed protection:
When the running speed of the handrail is 15% lower than the running speed
of steps and if the condition lasts for 15 seconds, the safety circuit of the escalator
will be cut off to make the escalator stop immediately.
14． Step missing protection:
When the step falls off the escalator during its running, the escalator will stop
immediately when the gap runs to the turning end on both ends in case of any
danger arising from the gap running to the delivery surface.
15． Handrail Drive Chain Protection:
When the handrail drive china extends or is broken, cut off the safety circuit
and stop its running immediately.
4

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C700
16． Ground Protection of Safety Circuit:
When the safety circuit is to the ground, the fuse of transformer is blown to
cut off the safety circuit and stop its running immediately.
17．Motor Thermal Sensitive Protection:
When the temperature of the motor coils is too high, the motor thermal
sensitive protection acts.
18．Fault code and message detained
When safety switch activated or faults like over-speed, reversing or step
missing etc. happen, the fault code and message shall remain on fault display until
maintainer reset the reset button on main controller. In the meantime, the fault
displays recover to shall operation message.
19．Service Brake Protection:
The escalator cannot be actuated if the service brake cannot be opened
normally.
5

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C700
Chapter II Operating Instructions
I. Selection of Escalator Running Modes:
l single-direction with VVVF normal running model
l single-direction with VVVF energy-saving model,running at low speed to
save engergy
l single-direction with VVVF energy-saving model,stop running to save
engergy
II. Brief Analysis of the Operation Procedure
A
) Variable-frequency Maintenance Operation:
1) Unplug the additional plug in the upper or lower control box and plug in the
maintenance plug. Hold and control the maintenance box (the plug is the
multi-core plug-in connector).
2) Turn on power switch QS1 and check the circuit breaker in cabinets of FU1 –
FU5.
3) Open the stop switch (ST) in the maintenance box. When the safety circuit is
clear (when the KAS contactor picks up and the main board X10 input indicator is
on), the microcomputer board power supply is normal. Press down the running
button (SQ), inch the up or down button (SU or SD) in the maintenance box. The
contactor shall work according to the following order: main contactors KM1,
KM2 and KMB pick up, band-type brake response switch SGB (SGB1) is
actuated, and the escalator runs according to the set operating mode.
4) The maintenance operation speed is 0.15m/s.
B
) Variable-frequency Normal Operation:
1) Confirm that two additional plugs are both plugged in.
2) Turn on power switch QS1 and check the fuses in cabinets of FU1 – FU5.
6

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C700
3) When the safety circuit is clear (when the KAS contactor picks up and the X10
input indicator is on), the microcomputer board power supply is normal. After the
contactor KMT picks up, plug in the running startup key switch. The Up is started
and it runs according to the following order: main contactors KM1, KM2 and
KMB pick up, band-type brake response switch SGB (SGB1) is actuated, and the
escalator runs according to the set operating mode.
4) The operation speed is 0.5m/s or 0.65m/s
5) The escalator shall start downward. It shall start first in the upward direction
and stop through the stop switch after the startup. Start the escalator downward
within 30s.
C
) Smart Operation:
Select the smart running mode through the handheld manipulator according to the
demands:
① Variable frequency single-way energy-saving running. The energy-saving
mode is to run at low speed
② Variable frequency single-way energy-saving running. The energy-saving
mode is to stop running
III. Running Direction Light
If direction indicators are equipped on the upper and lower of the escalator,
passengers should ride correctly according to meanings of the indicators. If it is red
light, it indicates riding is forbidden; if it is green light, it indicates that riding is
permitted.
Brake Mode
（1）Emergency brake：When the escalator is running and stop button, safety
circuit contact is actuated and under normal operation, the step missing
7

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C700
monitoring, escalator speed monitoring are activated, the escalator will apply
emergency brake. When emergency brake is applied, while putting on the
band-type brake, the power supply of the motor will be cut off.
（2） Sequential brake: mode key is in automatic shift. If the escalator is in
smart stop or smart slow running state, the band-type brake of the escalator will
cut off the power supply to the motor and it will stop running. If the escalator is
in high speed running state, the escalator will slow down first and run slowly,
then make the band-type brake to stop, at the same time, cutting off the power
supply to the motor and stopping running.
8

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C700
Chapter III  Commissioning Instructions
I. Control Panel, Various Computer Board
1. Definition on Terminals of Master Control Board
Working status of various controlling and actuating (input/output) signals of the
system will be displayed on the microcomputer board controller in the system control
screen. Various controlling and actuating signals have corresponding indicators.
Turning on and off of the indicators represent whether input/output of every control
and actuating signal is available.
Input and output (controlling and activating) points setting status:

Terminal
Termin
| position  | No.  |     | Function  | Remarks  |
| --------- | ---- | --- | --------- | -------- |
al
No.
| JP1.1  | X0  | Fault display 1 (BCD code)  |     |     |
| ------ | --- | --------------------------- | --- | --- |
Safety
| JP1.2  | X1  | Fault display 2 (BCD code)  |     |     |
| ------ | --- | --------------------------- | --- | --- |
function board
| JP1.3  | X2  | Fault display 3 (BCD code)  |     |     |
| ------ | --- | --------------------------- | --- | --- |
JP1  fault display
| JP1.4  | X3  | Fault display 4 (BCD code)  |     |     |
| ------ | --- | --------------------------- | --- | --- |
output code
| JP1.5  | X4  | Fault display 5 (BCD code)        |          |     |
| ------ | --- | --------------------------------- | -------- | --- |
| JP1.6  | X5  | Optocoupler comb(mainboard test)  |          |     |
| JP2.1  | X6  |                                   | standby  |     |
| JP2.2  | X7  |                                   | standby  |     |
| JP2.3  | X8  |                                   | standby  |     |
| JP2.4  | X9  | Contactor adhesion test           |          |     |
JP2
| JP2.5  | X10  | Upper intelligent photocell   |     |     |
| ------ | ---- | ----------------------------- | --- | --- |
| JP2.6  | X11  | Lower intelligent photocell   |     |     |
| JP2.7  | X12  | Safety loop contactor test    |     |     |
| JP2.8  | X13  | VVVF inverter running signal  |     |     |
9

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C700
|     | JP2.9   | X14  |     | VVVF inverter error signal      |     |     |     |     |
| --- | ------- | ---- | --- | ------------------------------- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|     | JP2.10  | X15  |     | Auxiliary brake reaction test   |     |     |     |     |
|     | JP3.1   | X16  |     | Auxiliary brake contactor test  |     |     |     |     |
Converter fault feedback (variable-frequency
|     | JP3.2  | X17  |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| --- | ------ | ---- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
mode)
JP3
|     | JP3.3  | X18   |     | Upper entrance photoelectric switch  |               |         |     |     |
| --- | ------ | ----- | --- | ------------------------------------ | ------------- | ------- | --- | --- |
|     | JP3.4  | X19   |     | Lower entrance photoelectric switch  |               |         |     |     |
|     | JP3.5  | COM0  |     |                                      | Common point  |         |     |     |
|     | JP4.1  |       |     |                                      |               | 24V DC  |     |     |

|     | JP4.2  |     |     |     |     | 0V  |     |     |
| --- | ------ | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
JP4
|     | JP4.3  |     |     |     |     | CANH  |     |     |
| --- | ------ | --- | --- | --- | --- | ----- | --- | --- |

|     | JP4.4  |     |     |     |     | CANL      |            |     |
| --- | ------ | --- | --- | --- | --- | --------- | ---------- | --- |
|     | JP5.1  |     |     |     |     | PS 24VDC  |            |     |
|     | JP5.2  |     |     |     |     | PS 24VDC  | Switch PS  |     |
JP5
|     | JP5.3  |      |     |                                   |     | PS 0V  | 24VDC input  |     |
| --- | ------ | ---- | --- | --------------------------------- | --- | ------ | ------------ | --- |
|     | JP5.4  |      |     |                                   |     | PS 0V  |              |     |
|     | JP6.1  | HX0  |     | High votage input safety circuit  |     |        | High votage  |     |
JP6
|     | JP6.3  | COM1  |     |                                    | Common point  |     |     | input  |
| --- | ------ | ----- | --- | ---------------------------------- | ------------- | --- | --- | ------ |
|     | JP7.1  | Y0    |     | Running contactor KC1control coil  |               |     |     |        |
|     | JP7.2  | Y1    |     | Brake contactor KMB control coil   |               |     |     |        |
Running auxiliary contactor KMC control
|     | JP7.3  | Y2  |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| --- | ------ | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
coil
JP7
|     | JP7.4  | COM2   |                                           |     | Common point             |     |     |     |
| --- | ------ | ------ | ----------------------------------------- | --- | ------------------------ | --- | --- | --- |
|     | JP7.5  | Y3     | Auxiliary brake contactor control coil 1  |     |                          |     |     |     |
|     | JP7.6  | Y4     | Auxiliary brake contactor control coil 2  |     |                          |     |     |     |
|     | JP7.7  | COM3   |                                           |     | Common point             |     |     |     |
|     | JP8.1  | Y5     |                                           |     | Automatic oiling output  |     |     |     |
|     | JP8.2  | Y6     |                                           |     | Buzzer output            |     |     |     |
|     | JP8.3  | COM4   |                                           |     | Common point             |     |     |     |
|     | JP8.4  | Y7 NO  |                                           |     | Upper green light        |     |     |     |
JP8
|     | JP8.5  | Y7 NC  | Upper indicator, indicator for no passing  |     |                    |     |     |     |
| --- | ------ | ------ | ------------------------------------------ | --- | ------------------ | --- | --- | --- |
|     | JP8.6  | Y8 NO  |                                            |     | Lower green light  |     |     |     |
|     | JP8.7  | Y8 NC  | Lower indicator, indicator for no passing  |     |                    |     |     |     |
|     | JP8.8  | COM5   |                                            |     | Common point       |     |     |     |
|     | JP9.1  | Y9     |                                            |     | UP sinal output    |     |     |     |
|     | JP9.2  | Y10    |                                            |     | DOWN sinal output  |     |     |     |
Optocoupler
|     | JP9.3  | Y11  |     |     | Error reset signal  |     |     |     |
| --- | ------ | ---- | --- | --- | ------------------- | --- | --- | --- |
output
Converter multi-stage speed output 1
| JP9  | JP9.4  | Y12  |     |     |     |     | Converter  |     |
| ---- | ------ | ---- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---------- | --- |
(0.13m/s)
controling
Converter multi-stage speed output 2 (0.5m/s
|     | JP9.5  | Y13  |     |     |     |     |     | signal  |
| --- | ------ | ---- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ------- |
or 0.65m/s)
|       | JP9.6   | COM6  |     |     | Common point    |     |     |     |
| ----- | ------- | ----- | --- | --- | --------------- | --- | --- | --- |
| JP10  | JP10.1  | Y14   |     |     | Service signal  |     |     |     |
10

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C700
JP10.2 Y15 Up running signal
JP10.3 Y16 Down running signal
JP10.4 COM7 Public point
JP12 Expansion board interface
DB1 Handheld manipulator interface
2.
3. Function Board Safety Terminal Definition ES.11
This safety device is designed according to the relevant safety class requirements
specified in the latest Safety Standard for Escalators -GB16899-2011and GB/T20438.
The automobile-level function safety microprocessor and dual-channel redundant
structure in compliance with the code - IEC61508 are applied to ensure the safety of
the escalator. It mainly includes the following function safety protection:
（1）Overspeed protection for the escalator and moving sidewalk;
（2）Reversal protection for the escalator and moving sidewalk;
（3）Handrail protection for the escalator and moving sidewalk;
（4）Band-type brake monitoring protection for the escalator and moving
sidewalk;
（5）Step missing protection device for the escalator and moving sidewalk;
The input of this function safety device mainly consists of two parts: one is the
input of the pulse signals collected by the photoelectric sensor; the other is the input
of the detection signals from the contactors of direction, running and band-type brake
feedback etc. The two groups of the signals form the redundancy and CPU will
compare these two groups of signals. If they are different, the system will take the
11

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C700
safety action on the running status of the escalator.
The safety replay contact output of this device is connected in series to enter the
safety circuit of the escalator. It functions as any safety switch in the safety circuit,
such as “emergency stop switch”. The connection of the safety circuit is a prerequisite
but not the sufficient condition for the running of the escalator. Its startup and running
shall be achieved also through other control circuits such as the key switch (during the
automatic running) and button switch (during the maintenance running) etc. It is
prohibited to use this safety device as the startup equipment to start the escalator
immediately.
Moreover, the relay of this device outputs the fault signal to the master control
system of the escalator and integrated with the fault signals of the master control
board. Then the fault display panel controlled by the master control board will display
the fault code uniformly. The output of MOS tube and the master control system of
the escalator communicate and control mutually to avoid the function loss of the
escalator arising from the short circuit of this safety device.

Terminal
Termin
| position  | No.  | Function  | Remarks  |
| --------- | ---- | --------- | -------- |
al
No.
| JP1.1  | VCC  | Input PS 24V  |                  |
| ------ | ---- | ------------- | ---------------- |
| JP1    |      |               | Safety board PS  |
| JP1.2  | GND  | Input PS 0V   |                  |
Phase A of main driving
| JP2.1  | X0  |     |     |
| ------ | --- | --- | --- |
sprocket tachometer switch
JP2.2  Phase B of main driving
|     | X1  |     |     |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
sprocket tachometer switch
| JP2.3  | X2  | Upper step missing detection  |     |
| ------ | --- | ----------------------------- | --- |
JP2
| JP2.4       | X3   | Down step missing detection     |     |
| ----------- | ---- | ------------------------------- | --- |
| JP2.5       | X4   | Left handrail speed detection   |     |
| JP2.6       | X5   | Right handrail speed detection  |     |
| JP2.7       | X6   | Running signal input            |     |
| JP2.8       | X7   | UP signal input                 |     |
| JP3.1       | X8   | DOWN signal input               |     |
| JP3.2       | X9   | Standby                         |     |
| JP3  JP3.3  | X10  | Standby                         |     |
| JP3.4       | X11  | Additional brake contactor      |     |

detection
12

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C700
| JP3.5  | X12  | Additional brake response  |     |     |
| ------ | ---- | -------------------------- | --- | --- |

detection
| JP3.6  | X13  | Service brake detection 1        |     |     |
| ------ | ---- | -------------------------------- | --- | --- |
| JP4.1  | X14  | Service brake detection 2        |     |     |
|        | X15  | Main machine drive chain switch  |     |     |
JP4.2
detection signal
JP4
| JP4.3       | X16   | Maintenance signal             |                               |     |
| ----------- | ----- | ------------------------------ | ----------------------------- | --- |
| JP4.4       | X17   | Fault reset signal             |                               |     |
| JP4.5       | X18   | Standby                        |                               |     |
| JP5.1       | VCC1  | Photocoupler isolation PS 24V  |                               |     |
| JP5  JP5.2  | GND   | Photocoupler isolation PS 0V   |                               |     |
| JP5.3       | COM   | Common terminal                |                               |     |
| JP6.1       | Y0    | Safety relay 1                 | In case of fault, disconnect  |     |
JP6.2  the output, connect the
safety circuit and cut off
|     | COM1  | Y0 common point  |     |     |
| --- | ----- | ---------------- | --- | --- |
the PS to the main
| JP6  |     |     | machine and safety circuit  |     |
| ---- | --- | --- | --------------------------- | --- |
JP6.3  In case of fault, disconnect
|     | Y1  | Safety relay 2  | the output and cut off the  |     |
| --- | --- | --------------- | --------------------------- | --- |
PS to the brake
| JP6.4  | COM2  | Y1 common point  |     |     |
| ------ | ----- | ---------------- | --- | --- |
Series connection with Y0
| JP7.1  | Y2  | Safety relay 3  |     |     |
| ------ | --- | --------------- | --- | --- |
as redundancy
| JP7.2  | COM3  | Y2 common point  |     |     |
| ------ | ----- | ---------------- | --- | --- |
JP7
Series connection with Y1
| JP7.3  | Y3  | Safety relay 4  |     |     |
| ------ | --- | --------------- | --- | --- |
as redundancy
| JP7.4  | COM4  | Y3 common point                |     |     |
| ------ | ----- | ------------------------------ | --- | --- |
| JP8.1  | QY0   | Main board verification pulse  |     |     |
JP8
| JP8.5  | COM5  | QY common point  |     |     |
| ------ | ----- | ---------------- | --- | --- |
Fault signal relay 1
JP9.1  TY0
| JP9.2       | TY1   | Fault signal relay 2  |     |     |
| ----------- | ----- | --------------------- | --- | --- |
| JP9.3       | TY2   | Fault signal relay 3  |     |     |
| JP9  JP9.4  | TY3   | Fault signal relay 4  |     |     |
| JP9.5       | COM6  | TY0-TY3 common point  |     |     |
| JP9.6       | TY4   | Fault signal relay 5  |     |     |
| JP9.7       | COM7  | TY4 common point      |     |     |

II. Escalator speed measurement:
（1） The outlet line of the escalator tachometer sensor is connected to PA and PB
of the safety function board; PA and PB points darken when the main driving
13

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C700
sprocket tooth is right pointed to the tachometer sensor.
（2） During the normal running, the main driving sprocket blocks the
photoelectricity about 18 times per second;
（3） During the under-speed running, the interval that the step wheel of the
escalator blocks the photoelectricity becomes longer. When the interval
exceeds 120% of the escalator speed, the safety function board will cut off the
output according to the pulse signal receiving time of PA and PB input points
after the internal program of the function board calculates and judges. The
buzzer beeps one time to remind the working staffs of the escalator running
fault while the escalator stops running. The fault records can be reviewed
through the accident item in the handheld manipulator.
（4） During the overspeed running, the interval that the flywheel of the main
machine right points to the tachometer sensor becomes shorter. When the
interval is below 80% of the escalator speed, the safety function board will cut
off the output according to the pulse signal receiving time of PA and PB input
points after the internal program of the function board calculates and judges.
The buzzer beeps one time to remind the working staffs of the escalator
running fault while the escalator stops running. The fault records can be
reviewed through the accident item in the handheld manipulator.
（5） Realization of non-operable anti-reverse-rotation protection: when the
escalator runs upward normally and changes the running direction
automatically due to certain reason, the normally running machine shall first
stop and then run in a reversed direction. When it stops, the time sequence of
receiving the input signals from PA and PB points on the safety board changes.
The outputs will be cut off after the calculation and judgment through the
internal program of the safety function board. The buzzer beeps one time
while the escalator stops running. If the additional brake is provided, it will
act. The fault records can be reviewed through the accident item in the
handheld manipulator.
14

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C700
III. Methods of On-site Detection on Overspeed and Underspeed
Sensors of Escalator: (ensure that the photoelectric position is
installed correctly)
（1） Underspeed: adjust the reference value of the tachometer pulse and set at 80%
of the standard reference value. After the escalator runs normally to the high
speed, as the pulse quantity collected by the function safety board exceeds the
pulse quantity set by the main board, the program of the main board judges
that the escalator is under speed and stops the output. And then the service
brake acts and the escalator stops running.
（2） Overspeed: adjust the reference value of the tachometer pulse and set at 120%
of the standard reference value. After the escalator runs normally to the high
speed, as the pulse quantity collected by the function safety board is less than
the pulse quantity set by the main board, the program of the main board
judges that the escalator is over speed and stops the output. And then the
service brake acts and the escalator stops running.
IV. Fault Display
The fault display panel is located around the horizontal skirting of the upper
escalator, LED nixie tube display
a) The working voltage of the fault display is DC24V and CAN communication
is adopted.
b) When the switch of the safety circuit and various function detection switches
are actuated, the fault display board will display the corresponding fault
code.(Please refer to chapter 5. Fault Code and Message )
15

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C700
V. Parameter Setting of Frequency Converter, Main Board and
Function Safety Board
Mashhad metro ,Step brank mainboard parameter
Parameter name  Reference value  Parameter name  Reference value
| F0 drive model  | 0   | F1 Idling mode  | 1   |
| --------------- | --- | --------------- | --- |
F2 Whether it is
F3 Time for same direction to
| a fire control  | 0   |     | 80.0  |
| --------------- | --- | --- | ----- |
idling
elevator
F4 Time for
|     | 10.0  | F5 Time for half-speed to stop  | 3.0  |
| --- | ----- | ------------------------------- | ---- |
reverse to idling
F6 Ordinary
| additional brake  | 5.0  | F7 Setting for expansion board  | 4   |
| ----------------- | ---- | ------------------------------- | --- |
release
F8 Star-delta
|     | 5.0  | F9 Fault ringing time  | 1.0  |
| --- | ---- | ---------------------- | ---- |
conversion time
| F10 test           |            | F11 Time for reverse entering  |           |
| ------------------ | ---------- | ------------------------------ | --------- |
|                    | 1          |                                | 3.0       |
| buzzing time       |            | alarm                          |           |
| F12 Functions      | *――――――――  |                                |           |
|                    |            | F13 Oiling interval            | 12        |
| open               | ―――――――    |                                |           |
| F14 Single oiling  |            |                                | ――――――――  |
|                    | 200        | F15 Input type X0~X15          |           |
| time               |            |                                | ――――――――  |
| F16 Input type     | ―**―――――   |                                | ――――――――  |
F17 Input type X32~X47
| X16~X31    | ――――――――  |     | ――――――――  |
| ---------- | --------- | --- | --------- |
| F18 Input  | ――――――**  |     | ――――――――  |
F19 Input type TX16~TX31
| typeTX0~TX15    | ――――――――  |                               | ――――――――  |
| --------------- | --------- | ----------------------------- | --------- |
| F20 Input type  | ――――――――  |                               |           |
|                 |           | F21single oil actuation time  | 1.0       |
| TX32~TX47       | ――――――――  |                               |           |
F22 single oiling
|     | 2.0  | F27 I/0 test smoothing time  | 0.02  |
| --- | ---- | ---------------------------- | ----- |
release time
F28 safety loop
|     | 0.02  | F36 monitor address  | 0   |
| --- | ----- | -------------------- | --- |
smoothing time
Mashhad metro step function safety plate parameter
Parameter name  Reference value  Parameter name  Reference value
| F0 Input type  | ――――――――  |     | ――――――――  |
| -------------- | --------- | --- | --------- |
F1 Input type X16~X31
| X0~X15  | ――――――――  |     | ――――――――  |
| ------- | --------- | --- | --------- |
F2 High speed
|     | 0.65/0.5  | F3 high speed 2 rated speed  | 0.65/0.5  |
| --- | --------- | ---------------------------- | --------- |
1 rated speed
F4 rated speed
| under  | 0.13/0.1  | F5 low speed  | 0.13/0.1  |
| ------ | --------- | ------------- | --------- |
maintenance
| F6 Pulse of  | 65  | F7running distance of every  | 2.116  |
| ------------ | --- | ---------------------------- | ------ |
16

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C700
| every circle  |     | circle  |     |
| ------------- | --- | ------- | --- |
F8 step
distance without  0.3  F9 perimeter of handrail wheel  0.251
pulse
F10 pulse of
|     | 4   | F11delay of speed test  | 5.0  |
| --- | --- | ----------------------- | ---- |
handrail wheel
F12 low speed
|     | 0   |     |     |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
protection delay
Mashhad metro Yaskawa V-1000 frequency inverter paramete r
Parameter name  Reference value  Parameter name  Reference value
A1-01parameter
|     | 2   | B1-01 frequency order1  | 0   |
| --- | --- | ----------------------- | --- |
visit level
B1-03choice of
|     | 0   | C1-01speed up time 1  | 3   |
| --- | --- | --------------------- | --- |
stop model
| C1-02 slow  |     | C2-01S character in the  |      |
| ----------- | --- | ------------------------ | ---- |
|             | 1   |                          | 0.6  |
| down time1  |     | beginning of speed up    |      |
C2-02 S
C2-03 S character in the
| character in the  | 0.6  |     | 0.6  |
| ----------------- | ---- | --- | ---- |
beginning of slow down
end of speed up
C2-04 S
character in the
|     | 0.6  | C6-01ND/HD options  | 0   |
| --- | ---- | ------------------- | --- |
end of slow
down
C6-02carrier
| wave frequency  | 6   | D1-01frequency order 1  | 0   |
| --------------- | --- | ----------------------- | --- |
option
D1-02
| frequency order  | 10  | D1-03 frequency order 3  | 10  |
| ---------------- | --- | ------------------------ | --- |
2
D1-04
| frequency order  | 50  | E1-01input voltage set  | 380  |
| ---------------- | --- | ----------------------- | ---- |
4
E1-04 Max.
| output  | 50  | E1-05 Max. voltage  | 380  |
| ------- | --- | ------------------- | ---- |
frequency
| E1-06basic  |     | Mentioned on the          |     |
| ----------- | --- | ------------------------- | --- |
|             | 50  | E2-01motor rated current  |     |
| frequency   |     | motor nameplate           |     |
E2-04 poles
Mentioned on the
| number of  |     | L5-01 fault retry times  | 2   |
| ---------- | --- | ------------------------ | --- |
motor nameplate
motor
L8-05input lack
| phase       |     | L8-07output lack phase  |     |
| ----------- | --- | ----------------------- | --- |
|             | 1   |                         | 1   |
| protection  |     | protection option       |     |
option
17

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C700
Warning for the site work
1. Electrical components such as apron clearance, skirt guard switch, forefront board
comb and comb switch etc. must be re-adjusted before construction site installation,
acceptance and application for the escalator will be affected by transportation, lifting
and getting in level place on the construction site and other factors.
2. Normal state operation: plug in the key and turn it according to the required direction
(the escalator equipped with additional brake must travel up first). The buzzer will ring
and the escalator will not run, warning that the escalator will start operation soon.
Release the key and the buzzer stops ringing, and the escalator run.
3. Maintenance status operation: hold down the running button. If it is the first time to
press the up (down) button, the buzzer will ring but the escalator will not run, warning
that the escalator will start operation soon. If it is the second time to press the up (down)
button, the buzzer will not ring and the escalator runs. Release the button, the escalator
will stop. To make it run again, the operation will start anew if the interval of pressing
the button is over 3 seconds. The interval between pressing the button for the first time
and the second time should not exceed 3 seconds. If the interval is exceeded, the
memory of the first time will be canceled automatically.
18

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C700
Chapter IV Maintenance Instructions
I. Escalator Routine Maintenance:
(1) Carry out regular inspection and adjustment for safety switches;
(2) Carry out periodical dedusting and maintenance for the control panel and
relevant electrical contacts inside;
(3) Carry out reliability inspection for grounding terminals and periodic
inspection for static brushes.
(4) If a self-oil feeder is applied, the microcomputer board will accumulate
working hours automatically based on the running time of the escalator.
Automatic oiling will be carried out once when the accumulated time
(lubrication interval) is up to 24 hours. Manual button oiling can also be
carried out according to maintenance demand. Users can add lubricating oil to
the oil tank according to escalator application conditions (lubrication interval
and lubrication time can be set randomly according to different operational
requirememtns).
II. Simple Maintenance Method
1. The escalator cannot be started and run: first inspect if various supply voltages
are normal. If so, carry out the following inspections:
1) Check the contents on the fault display panel and find the fault position against
it and find out the reasons.
2) The input point X10 of the microprocessor board is the monitoring point of the
safety circuit contactor. It shall be ON when the safety circuit is normal.
Otherwise, check the safety circuit (check Fault Code Table)
3) X7 of microcomputer board input point under non-maintenance state should be
ON, otherwise check the maintenance circuit.
4) Each contactor detection point of microcomputer board input shall be OFF,
19

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C700
otherwise check whether various contactors are reset and whether the detection
circuit is normal.
5) The input points X13\X14 of the safety function board shall be OFF.
Otherwise, check the band-type brake response circuit.
6) The step overspeed, underspeed and anti-reverse-rotation self-locking
protection shall remove the current fault by manually resetting the safety function
board. After the fault is removed, it is necessary to adjust the sensor that causes
the tachometer fault and monitor its pulse signal in case of the reoccurrence of the
same fault.
Danger：Any personnel without professional training are strictly prohibited from
carrying out maintenance to the escalator ；Unskilled electrician or non-electrical
workers are strictly prohibited from operating to avoid damage and personal
injury.
20

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C700
Chapter V   Table of Fault Code
Table of fault code（ES01B/B02.08）
| Fault code  | Fault point  | HG/B  | remark  |
| ----------- | ------------ | ----- | ------- |
Fault display
| 0     | No fault record            | No display  |                  |
| ----- | -------------------------- | ----------- | ---------------- |
| 6000  | Cut the safety loop        | A00         | Automatic reset  |
| 6001  | SERVICE STOP SW(TOP)       | A01         | Automatic        |
| 6002  | Stop switch in the middle  | A02         | Automatic        |
|       | LEFT COMB PLATE            |             | Automatic        |
| 6003  |                            | A03         |                  |
SW(TOP)
|       | RIGHT COMB PLATE SW  |      | Automatic  |
| ----- | -------------------- | ---- | ---------- |
| 6004  |                      | A04  |            |
(TOP)
|       | LEFT SKIRT GUARD SW  |      | Automatic  |
| ----- | -------------------- | ---- | ---------- |
| 6005  |                      | A05  |            |
(TOP)
|       | RIGHT SKIRT GUARD  |      | Automatic  |
| ----- | ------------------ | ---- | ---------- |
| 6006  |                    | A06  |            |
SW(TOP)
|       | SKIRT GUARD SW.  |      | Automatic  |
| ----- | ---------------- | ---- | ---------- |
| 6007  |                  | A07  |            |
LEFT-MID
|       | SKIRT GUARD SW.  |      | Automatic  |
| ----- | ---------------- | ---- | ---------- |
| 6008  |                  | A08  |            |
RIGHT-MID
|       | L. HANDRAIL FINGER  |      | Automatic  |
| ----- | ------------------- | ---- | ---------- |
| 6009  |                     | A09  |            |
GUARD SW(TOP)
|       | R.HANDRAIL FINGER  |      | Automatic  |
| ----- | ------------------ | ---- | ---------- |
| 6010  |                    | A10  |            |
GUARD SW(TOP)
|       | MOTOR OVERLOAD  |      | Automatic  |
| ----- | --------------- | ---- | ---------- |
| 6011  |                 | A11  |            |
DEVICE
|       | PHASE PROTECTION  |      | Automatic  |
| ----- | ----------------- | ---- | ---------- |
| 6012  |                   | A12  |            |
DEVICE
|       | EARTH LEAKAGE  |      | Automatic  |
| ----- | -------------- | ---- | ---------- |
| 6013  |                | A13  |            |
PROTECTIVE DEVICE
|       | BROKEN DRIVE CHAIN  |      | Automatic  |
| ----- | ------------------- | ---- | ---------- |
| 6014  |                     | A14  |            |
ERROR
|       | DISPLACEMENT OF LEFT  |      | Automatic  |
| ----- | --------------------- | ---- | ---------- |
| 6015  |                       | A15  |            |
MAIN DRIVE
|       | DISPLACEMENT OF RIGHT  |      | Automatic  |
| ----- | ---------------------- | ---- | ---------- |
| 6016  |                        | A16  |            |
MAIN DRIVE
| 6017  | HANDRAIL DRIVE          | A17  | Automatic  |
| ----- | ----------------------- | ---- | ---------- |
| 6018  | STEP LOWERING SW(TOP)   | A18  | Automatic  |
| 6019  | STOP SWITCH(TOP)        | A19  | Automatic  |
| 6020  | SWITCH FOR MOTO COVER   | A20  | Automatic  |
| 6021  | STEP UP-THRUST SW(TOP)  | A21  | Automatic  |
| 6022  | SERVICE STOP            | A22  | Automatic  |
21

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C700
| 6023  | X22(TOP) ERROR  |     | A23  | Automatic  |     |
| ----- | --------------- | --- | ---- | ---------- | --- |
| 6024  | X23(TOP) ERROR  |     | A24  | Automatic  |     |
|       | SERVICE STOP    |     |      | Automatic  |     |
| 6025  |                 |     | B01  |            |     |
SW(BOTTOM)
|       | LEFT COMB PLATE  |     |      | Automatic  |     |
| ----- | ---------------- | --- | ---- | ---------- | --- |
| 6026  |                  |     | B02  |            |     |
SW(BOTTOM)
|       | RIGHT COMB PLATE  |     |      | Automatic  |     |
| ----- | ----------------- | --- | ---- | ---------- | --- |
| 6027  |                   |     | B03  |            |     |
SW(BOTTOM)
|       | LEFT SKIRT GUARD  |     |      | Automatic  |     |
| ----- | ----------------- | --- | ---- | ---------- | --- |
| 6028  |                   |     | B04  |            |     |
SW(BOTTOM)
|       | RIGHT SKIRT GUARD  |     |      | Automatic  |     |
| ----- | ------------------ | --- | ---- | ---------- | --- |
| 6029  |                    |     | B05  |            |     |
SW(BOTTOM)
|       | LEFT HANDRAIL INLET  |     |      | Automatic  |     |
| ----- | -------------------- | --- | ---- | ---------- | --- |
| 6030  |                      |     | B06  |            |     |
SW(BOTTOM)
|       | RIGHT HANDRAIL INLET  |     |      | Automatic  |     |
| ----- | --------------------- | --- | ---- | ---------- | --- |
| 6031  |                       |     | B07  |            |     |
SW(BOTTOM)
|       | LEFT BROKEN STEP  |     |      | Automatic  |     |
| ----- | ----------------- | --- | ---- | ---------- | --- |
| 6032  |                   |     | B08  |            |     |
CHAIN ERROR
|       | RIGHT BROKEN STEP  |     |      | Automatic  |     |
| ----- | ------------------ | --- | ---- | ---------- | --- |
| 6033  |                    |     | B09  |            |     |
CHAIN ERROR
| 6034  | LEFT HANDRAIL ERROR   |     | B10  | Automatic  |     |
| ----- | --------------------- | --- | ---- | ---------- | --- |
| 6035  | RIGHT HANDRAIL ERROR  |     | B11  | Automatic  |     |
|       | STEP LOWERING         |     |      | Automatic  |     |
| 6036  |                       |     | B12  |            |     |
SW(BOTTOM)
| 6037  | STOP SWITCH (BOTTOM)  |     | B13  | Automatic  |     |
| ----- | --------------------- | --- | ---- | ---------- | --- |
|       | STEP UP-THRUST        |     |      | Automatic  |     |
| 6038  |                       |     | B14  |            |     |
SW(BOTTOM)
| 6043  | X18(BOTTOM)  ERROR  |     | B19  | Automatic  |     |
| ----- | ------------------- | --- | ---- | ---------- | --- |
| 6044  | X19 (BOTTOM)  ERROR |     | B20  | Automatic  |     |
| 6045  | X20 (BOTTOM)  ERROR |     | B21  | Automatic  |     |

| 6046  | X21 (BOTTOM)  ERROR  |     | B22         | Automatic         |     |
| ----- | -------------------- | --- | ----------- | ----------------- | --- |
| 6047  | X22(BOTTOM)  ERROR   |     | B23         | Automatic         |     |
| 6048  | X23 (BOTTOM)  ERROR  |     | B24         | Automatic         |     |
| 0     | NO ERROR             |     | No display  |                   |     |
|       | KM1 CONTACTOR ERROR  |     |             | Parameter control |     |
| 1     |                      |     | C01         |                   |     |
（Automatic or outage）
|     | KM2 CONTACTOR ERROR  |     |      | Parameter control |     |
| --- | -------------------- | --- | ---- | ----------------- | --- |
| 2   |                      |     | C02  |                   |     |
（Automatic or outage）
RTC ERROR
| 3   |                     |     | C03  | Reset under outage situation  |     |
| --- | ------------------- | --- | ---- | ----------------------------- | --- |
|     | BRAKE SWITCH ERROR  |     |      | Adhesion protection,          |     |
| 4   |                     |     | C04  |                               |     |
Parameter control
22

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C700
|     |     |     | （Automatic or outage           | ）no  |
| --- | --- | --- | ------------------------------ | ---- |
|     |     |     | actuation         reset under  |      |
service
|     | SAFE RELAY ERROR  |     | Adhesion protection,   |     |
| --- | ----------------- | --- | ---------------------- | --- |
Parameter control
| 5   |     | C05  |                      |      |
| --- | --- | ---- | -------------------- | ---- |
|     |     |      | （Automatic or outage | ）no  |
actuation, reset under service
SWITCH OF AUXILIARY
Reset when outage，3 times
| 6   | BRAKE FAULT  | C06  |     |     |
| --- | ------------ | ---- | --- | --- |
try when starting
|     | AUXILIARY REPLAY FAULT  |     | Adhesion protection,   |     |
| --- | ----------------------- | --- | ---------------------- | --- |
Parameter control
| 7   |     | C07  | （Automatic or outage           | ）no  |
| --- | --- | ---- | ------------------------------ | ---- |
|     |     |      | actuation         reset under  |      |
service
|     | TEMPRETURE  |      | Automatic reset  |     |
| --- | ----------- | ---- | ---------------- | --- |
| 8   |             | C08  |                  |     |
PROTECTION
| 9   | HANDRAIL OVER-SPEED  | C09  |     |     |
| --- | -------------------- | ---- | --- | --- |
| 10  | HANDRAIL SPEED SLOW  | C10  |     |     |
DRIVE CHAIN BROKEN
| 11  |                      | C11  | Reset under service situation  |     |
| --- | -------------------- | ---- | ------------------------------ | --- |
|     | OIL DETECTION ERROR  |      | No protection( now             |     |
| 12  |                      | C12  |                                |     |
automatic oiling fails）
|     | SAFETY PLATE SHORT  |      | Parameter control |     |
| --- | ------------------- | ---- | ----------------- | --- |
| 18  | CIRCUIT             | C18  |                   |     |
（Automatic or outage）
INVERTER  ERROR
|     |     |      | Automatic reset ，3 times  |     |
| --- | --- | ---- | ------------------------- | --- |
| 19  |     | C19  |                           |     |
within 10 minutes,cut off the
power
TOP  COVER  STOLEN
|     |     |      | Automatic reset （ | service  |
| --- | --- | ---- | ----------------- | -------- |
| 20  |     | C20  |                   |          |
noneffective ）
BOTTOM COVER STOLEN
|     |     |      | Automatic reset （ | service  |
| --- | --- | ---- | ----------------- | -------- |
| 21  |     | C21  |                   |          |
noneffective ）
| 22  | MECHANICAL WEAR      | C22  | Automatic reset  |     |
| --- | -------------------- | ---- | ---------------- | --- |
| 23  | WATER  LEVEL  ERROR  | C23  | Automatic reset  |     |
| 24  | TOP  FLOOR PLATE     | C24  | Automatic reset  |     |
23

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C700
|     | BOTTOM  COVER   |     |      | Automatic reset  |
| --- | --------------- | --- | ---- | ---------------- |
| 25  |                 |     | C25  |                  |
ACTION
|     | HANDRAIL OVER-SPEED  |     |      |     |
| --- | -------------------- | --- | ---- | --- |
| 26  |                      |     | C26  |     |
ALARM
|     | HANDRAIL LOW-SPEED  |     |      |     |
| --- | ------------------- | --- | ---- | --- |
| 27  |                     |     | C27  |     |
ALARM
|     | INVERTER  |     |      |     |
| --- | --------- | --- | ---- | --- |
| 28  |           |     | C28  |     |
COMMUNICATION ERROR
| 31  | RTC  ERROR           |     | C31  | Safety monitor board error  |
| --- | -------------------- | --- | ---- | --------------------------- |
|     | REDUNDANT            |     |      | Safety monitor board error  |
| 32  |                      |     | C32  |                             |
|     | DETECTION  ERROR     |     |      |                             |
| 33  | PARA  CRC  ERROR     |     | C33  | Safety monitor board error  |
| 34  | FAULT  CRC  ERROR    |     | C34  | Safety monitor board error  |
| 35  | PARA  NOT  SUITABLE  |     | C35  | Safety monitor board error  |
| 36  | POWER ERROR          |     | C36  | Safety monitor board error  |
| 37  | SAFETY  RELAY  ERROR |     | C37  | Safety monitor board error  |
| 38  | OVER SPEED 120%      |     | C38  | Safety monitor board error  |
| 39  | OVER SPEED 140%      |     | C39  | Safety monitor board error  |
| 40  | LOW SPEED  80%       |     | C40  | Safety monitor board error  |
| 41  | DIRECTION  RROR      |     | C41  | Safety monitor board error  |
|     | SPEED REDUCE         |     |      | Safety monitor board error  |
| 42  |                      |     | C42  |                             |
ABNORMAL
| 43  | DRIVE CHAIN BROKEN  |     | C43  | Safety monitor board error  |
| --- | ------------------- | --- | ---- | --------------------------- |
|     | BRAKING DISTANCE    |     |      | Safety monitor board error  |
| 44  |                     |     | C44  |                             |
OVER
| 45  | AUX  ERROR    |     | C45  | Safety monitor board error  |
| --- | ------------- | --- | ---- | --------------------------- |
|     | MISSING STEP  |     |      | Safety monitor board error  |
| 46  |               |     | C46  |                             |
DETECTION(TOP)
|     | MISSING STEP  |     |      | Safety monitor board error  |
| --- | ------------- | --- | ---- | --------------------------- |
| 47  |               |     | C47  |                             |
DETECTION(BOTTOM)
| 48  | FLOOR PLATE STOLEN  |     | C48  | Safety monitor board error  |
| --- | ------------------- | --- | ---- | --------------------------- |
|     | FLOOR PLATE SWICH   |     |      | Safety monitor board error  |
| 49  |                     |     | C49  |                             |
ERROR
| 50  | BRAKE ADHESIONS      |     | C50  | Safety monitor board error  |
| --- | -------------------- | --- | ---- | --------------------------- |
| 51  | BRAKE NOT WORK       |     | C51  | Safety monitor board error  |
|     | LEFT HANDRAIL SPEED  |     |      | Safety monitor board error  |
| 52  |                      |     | C52  |                             |
SLOW
|     | LEFT HANDRAIL SPEED  |     |      | Safety monitor board error  |
| --- | -------------------- | --- | ---- | --------------------------- |
| 53  |                      |     | C53  |                             |
FAST
|     | RIGHT HANDRAIL SPEED  |     |      | Safety monitor board error  |
| --- | --------------------- | --- | ---- | --------------------------- |
| 54  |                       |     | C54  |                             |
SLOW
|     | RIGHT HANDRAIL SPEED  |     |      | Safety monitor board error  |
| --- | --------------------- | --- | ---- | --------------------------- |
| 55  |                       |     | C55  |                             |
FAST
24

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C700
UP/DN WITH RUN Safety monitor board error
56 C56
INCONSISTENT
SLIDING PROTECT Safety monitor board error
57 C57
ERROR
TWO CHANNEL Safety monitor board error
58 C58
INCONSISTENT
A/B CONNECTION Safety monitor board error
59 C59
MISSING
69 PARA DO NOT INIT C69
25

Electrical Documents Supplied with Machine D10C700
Chapter VI Electrical Schematic Diagrams as well as
Unreeling and Wiring Diagrams
26