Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator
Operation & Maintenance Manual Of
KLXF30L Escalators (Built-in Roller Wheels)
Canny Elevator Co., Ltd.

Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator

Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator
Contents
1. Safe use of escalator.............................................................................................1
2. Overview of escalator............................................................................................2
3. Main structure of escalator....................................................................................4
4. Safe operation and use of escalator......................................................................11
5. Application management of escalator....................................................................12
6. Emergency treatment............................................................................................12
7. Repair and maintenance standards of escalator ...................................................13
8. Key points of repair and maintenance...................................................................14
9. Lubrication of escalator .........................................................................................20
10. Quick-wear parts (spares and spare parts)..........................................................22
11. Analysis and troubleshooting of common failures................................................23
12. Instructions to repair............................................................................................24
13. Cleaning..............................................................................................................24
14. Suggestions.........................................................................................................25

Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator
1. Safe use of escalator
1.1. Normal use
1.1. The escalator described in this manual can only be used to transport personnel. It is not
allowed to transport cargos or for other purposes.
1.2. It is strictly forbidden to place improper articles on the static or moving steps and handrail to
prevent serious accident occurring in the operation of escalator.
1.2. Safety
This manual can help you safely operate the escalator mentioned here. Please operate this
escalator according to the safety regulations described herein and do not utilize the escalator
for other purposes except the design functions.
1.2.1. The escalator must be operated by personnel who have required professional knowledge
and received training on operation of escalator. The owner shall be responsible for following the
escalator operation procedures.
1.2.2. During maintenance, repair, or inspection and testing, all escalators shall be provided
with proper preventive measures. Make sure that the escalators are not started without the
approval of full-time management personnel to avoid accidents.
When the escalator has electric or mechanical defect, it shall not be used; especially when the
traffic light (if any) and warning and safety protection devices are damaged.
1.2.3. Before the power supply of escalator is connected, visually check and verify if the pedal,
forefront board, step, comb board, apron board, handrail and wall protecting board are
defective and if the warning and protection devices are in good condition.
1.2.3.1. If the owner is ready to combine this escalator and other devices and parts for use,
please consult with the manufacturer or expert to make sure the combination conducted will not
influence the safety of users and surrounding environment.
1.2.3.2. During maintenance, repair and change, under the condition of execution by Canny
Elevator Co., Ltd. or other personnel definitely authorized by Canny Elevator Co., Ltd., Canny
Elevator Co., Ltd. will be responsible for the safety of its product. The escalator can be operated
properly for a long term only by correctly repaired and maintained on a regular basis.
1.2.3.3. The escalator shall be correctly operated and professionally repaired and maintained
on a regular basis according to relevant instructions.
1.2.3.4. If the escalator is incorrectly used or the owner fails to maintain this escalator in a
correct manner, Canny Elevator Co., Ltd. will not undertake responsibilities for any failure,
damage or personal injury caused therefore.
1.2.3.5. The safety circuit or safety switch cannot be disassembled or changed.
1.2.3.6. It is not allowed to disassemble any parts or open the pedal to run the escalator.
1.3. Electrical safety
Canny Elevator Co., Ltd. KLXF 1

Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30 Escalator
Only qualified repair personnel are allowed to disassemble or repair the electrical equipment;
any modification or maintenance of signals and control circuits shall be approved by the
manufacturer or operated by qualified personnel.
1.4. Mechanical safety
Before the connection of escalator power supply and during the operation of the escalator, all
objects must be moved away from the movement scope of the escalator.
1.5. Safety devices
Various state-of-the-art escalators manufactured by Canny Elevator Co., Ltd. comply with the
latest safety specifications and environmental protection specifications.
1.5.1. Safety circuits are designed in the escalator. Once one of the safety devices is triggered,
the power supply of the escalator will be cut off immediately. Only when the failure or the
abnormal function is recovered, the escalator can be put into operation.
1.5.2. If the owner cannot eliminate the failure or abnormal function, he/she shall inform the repair
station of Canny Elevator Co., Ltd. for recovery or repair. The power supply of the escalator shall
be cut off when necessary, also to prevent irrelevant personnel from putting the escalator into
operation.
2. Overview of escalator
Escalator is a kind of inclined electric driven equipment fitted with continuous cyclic movement
steps to transport passengers upward or downward.
Its main characteristics include:
1）Big transport capacity, even transport passenger flow and capability to continuously transport
passengers;
2）It can move upward or downward;
3）If the escalator cannot run due to power cut or failure, it can be used as common passageway
without influence on the traffic between floors;
4）The escalator has an elegant shape, which can beautify the environment;
5）The structure is relatively compact, the floor area being small, and convenient to use and
maintain;
6）It is widely applied in public places like each large shopping mall, supermarket, station, wharf,
airport, shopping center, etc..
Canny Elevator Co., Ltd. KLXF 2

Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator
2.1. The basic arrangement of escalator includes the following 5 types. See Figure 1.
a. Single unit arrangement; b. Single-column
continuous; c. Single-column overlapping; d.
Horizontal arrangement; e. Crossing arrangement
Figure 1: Arrangement Diagram of Escalator
2.1.1. “a” refers to single-unit arrangement: it is used for the transport between two floors.
2.1.2. “b” refers to single-column continuous: this arrangement is only used for one-way transport
as the contact among 3 floors. The 1st escalator can directly lead to the 2nd one for continuous
operation.
2.1.3. “c” refers to single-column overlapping: since the 1st escalator cannot directly reach the 2nd
escalator, it can lead the passengers to the designated goods sales areas, which is beneficial to
the market.
2.1.4. “d” refers to horizontal arrangement: for big passenger flow, two escalators can run in the
same direction or reverse direction. Also, the running of multiple escalators is available.
2.1.5. “e” refers to crossing arrangement: it is used for two-way operation to reduce the operation
time.
2.1.6. Multiple combinations are also available according to the demand of passenger flow to
adapt to the application requirements and improve the transport efficiency.
2.2. Types of escalators
2.2.1. KLXF escalator is specifically designed for the transport of passengers between two floors
in public places like market, shopping center, exhibition center, airport, metro station and station
3

Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator
etc. This escalator features aesthetic appearance, favorable decoration function, relatively high
using safety, relatively long service life, favorable stability, low noise, low vibration, good riding
comfort, convenience for maintenance, energy conservation, environmental protection, etc.
12.3. The basic specifications and parameters of the escalator are shown in Table 1:
Table 1
Type
KLXF -600 KLXF -800 KLXF -1000
Parameter
Rated speed m/s 0.5 0.5 0.5
Angle of
30º 30º 30º
inclination
Step width mm 600 800 1000
Transport
capacity 3600 4800 6000
persons/hour
Notes: 1. The parameters of special specification are not in line with the descriptions in Table 1;
2. The wallboard of handrail is usually made of toughened glass.
3. Main structure of escalator (refer to the installation manual of escalator in the
meantime)
3.1. The upper structure (transmission box) of escalator is shown in Figure 2. It is also called
upper machine room.
The upper part of the escalator is the main structure. Control box 1 is installed in upper machine
room and connected by flexible wire. It can be drawn out from the machine room during repair.
Driving mechanism 2 drives the rotation of main shaft 4 through driving chain 3. The main shaft is
installed with handrail driving chain 5 and step chain wheel 10. 6 is the pressing device of handrail
which offers sufficient pressure to handrail 7 on friction wheel to make it convenient for driving.
Step 9 is fitted on step chain 8. It is driven by step chain wheel 10.
4

Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator
1. Control box; 2. Driving mechanism; 3. Driving chain; 4. Main shaft; 5. Handrail driving chain; 6. Pressing device
of handrail; 7. Handrail; 8. Step chain; 9. Step; 10. Step chain wheel; 11. Friction wheel
Figure 2: Upper Structure of Escalator
3.2. The lower structure of escalator is shown in Figure 3.
1. Steering guide rail of handrail; 2. Inspections switch; 3. Tensioning spring; 4. Tensioning trolley of step chain
Figure 3: Lower Structure of Escalator
3.2.1. The lower structure of escalator is also called lower machine room. It has the functions of
steering and tensioning of step chain. 1 refers to the steering guide rail of handrail. To reduce
friction drag, a steering chain is installed in the steering guide rail. The chain roller is a plastic
Roller Wheels fitted with bearing to reduce the friction at the rotary end. 2 is the inspection switch.
Its button can complete various operation actions of the escalator. The plug is fitted with an
interlocking device. Once it is inserted, other control devices will function no longer to assure the
personal safety during installation and inspection. 4 is the tensioning trolley of step chain which
can be adjusted during installation and maintenance. The tensioning of chain is assured by spring
3 and the tension can be adjusted by nuts.
5

Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator
3.2.2. In Figure 2, step chain 8 and the step chain wheel of the main shaft are engaged to drive
the running of the steps. The step chain is tensioned by the tensioning spring 3 in Figure 3. If the
step chain is too short or too long due to friction, the switch plate will move forward or backward.
The escalator will stop running after touching the switch.
3.3. The driving mechanism is shown in Figure 4
5
1 6
2 4
7
3
1. Flywheel; 2. Brake motor; 3. Reducer; 4. Chain wheel; 5. Motor; 6. Brake spring; 7. Engine
base
Figure 4: Driving Mechanism
3.3.1. The driving mechanism is mainly composed of motor, reducer and brake. Motor 5 drives
reducer 3 via a coupler and then reducer 3 drives the operation of driving main shaft through
chain wheel 4 and driving chain so as to drive the movement of steps. A middle band-type brake
device is installed in the middle of the motor. When the escalator runs normally, the magnet will be
opened under the effect of spring force. When the brake is not taken off, the motor shall not be
started. The whole mechanism is very compact. It can all be installed inside the upper machine
room as a whole for convenience of repair.
3.3.2. The squirrel cage motor used on the driving mechanism shall be of a hexapole structure
which features stable operation, low noise and durability. The reducer is a precision worm
reduction gear. Special Niemann tooth profile and advanced machining process have been
adopted. Therefore, the reducer features compact structure, big bearing capacity, stable
operation and low noise. Separate types are adopted for the reducer and motor. The motor is
connected to the reducer through an elastic pin, thus bringing convenience to machining,
assembly and repair.
3.3.3. The escalator is usually installed indoors. It has a very strict requirement for noise. The
maximum noise shall not exceed 65dB (A). The driving mechanism is the main noise source.
Thus, it must be strictly controlled to assure manufacturing precision and eliminate all factors that
6

Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator
may cause noise in order to assure that no big noise will be generated during operation.
3.3.4. In order to prevent the overloading of escalator to cause excessive current to burn the
motor, a thermoswitch is installed in the motor winding. Once the motor coiling is overheated, stop
running immediately.
3.3.5. It is very dangerous if the escalator exceeds the rated rate or it is running at a speed lower
than the rated speed. Therefore, the driving mechanism of escalator is installed with a speed
control device as shown in Figure 5.
This device is installed in the step guide rail system. Tacho-generator is installed in the device to
control the speed. When the speed of the escalator is too high or lower than the rated speed, the
operation will be stopped immediately.
3.3.6. When the lifting height of the escalator exceeds 6m, besides the normally installed working
brake, an additional brake must be set up. See Figure 6. This device is installed on the truss at
the upper end.
1. Step wheel; 2. Tacho-generator 1 3. Tacho-generator 2 1. Thorn claw; 2. Spring; 3. Switch; 4. Pull bar;
5. Magnet; 6. Bending part
Figure 5 Figure 6
The working brake is necessary. The additional brake is only added when the lifting height
exceeds 6m or there is a special demand.
Under normal condition, thorn claw 1 of the additional brake shall be in a closed state under the
acting force of the spring. When the speed exceeds a certain value, the monitoring device will
send signals, and the magnetic will act. It will act under the effect of magnet 5 through pull bar.
Then, the thorn claw will be open. Meanwhile, the bending part 6 on the pull bar drives switch 3 to
make the escalator stop running. It has the function of protection. The effect is visible, especially
down operation with full load.
7

Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator
Direction A
1. Driving chain; 2. Cutoff structure of main driving chain; 3. Switch
Figure 7
3.3.7. Double-row driving chain is usually adopted for the escalator. It is dangerous if breakage
occurs. Therefore, a driving chain breakage protection device as shown in Figure 7 is equipped.
When chain 1 is broken, the cutoff structure of the main driving chain touches switch 3 and the
escalator will stop running after power cut.
3.4. The step is shown in Figure 8.
A. Step body; B. Step wheel; C. Guiding block
Figure 8: Step
3.4.1. The step is categorized into integral aluminum die-cast alloy step and combined stainless
steel step. Fine tooth grooves are provided for the pedal surface and front skirting board surface
to have the functions of slip resistance and front and back step guiding. The side guiding block 3
is made of plastics. It is contacted to the apron board to make sure the step aligns at the center.
When the amount of abrasion reaches 1.2mm, it must be replaced.
3.5. Step chain
3.5.1. The step chain is the main transmission part of escalator, whose quality has a great
8

Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator
influence on safety and noise. The structures, materials and processing of step chain differ on
different application occasions.
3.5.2. Figure 9 shows the step chain. The structural characteristic is described as follows: the
step wheel is embedded in the chain. It not only serves as the sliding part of guide rail but also an
engagement part of step driving wheel tooth. Step wheel 2 is made of wear-resisting PU. A
high-quality ball bearing is fitted in the middle. This kind of special PU strake can meet the
requirement of strength and reduce the noise during movement. The step shaft clamping device 4
is connected by bolts to facilitate the assembly and disassembly of step.
3.5.3. Step chain is used to convey the steps and loads on them, while the steps move
horizontally in the apron board. Therefore, the two step chains shall not only have sufficient
strength but also need to strictly abide by the requirements of length and tolerance. Thus, besides
high-precision machining, the engaging method shall be adopted for combination. It shall be
tensioned and adjusted during use. When it is used and the pitch is lengthened by 3%, it shall be
replaced to prevent to damage to the chain wheel.
1. Chain board; 2. Step wheel; 3. Step shaft; 4. Step
shaft clamping device
Figure 9: Step Chain
3.6. Engagement and protection of comb board and step
3.6.1. In order to assure safety and prevent the clamping of object between step and forefront
board during the operation of the escalator, the comb board is installed in the front end of forefront
board. It is fixed on the comb by screw. The replacement is very convenient. The comb board is
made of plastic or aluminum alloy. The comb teeth exactly engage with the groove on the step
surface. Even if the feet of the pedestrian or the article remains still on the step, they will be
smoothly transited to the comb board.
3.6.2. When the step is engaged with the comb board through the comb, the depth of
engagement between the comb board and step pedal surface shall be at least 4mm. When the
step tooth groove is engaged with the teeth of comb board, the clearance between the step pedal
surface and the root of the comb board shall not exceed 4mm.
3.6.3. During the step operation, check if each step is correctly engaged when passes the comb
9

Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator
board. The teeth of the comb board shall be in the middle of the step pedal to avoid friction
between tooth and groove.
3.6.4. In order to prevent the steps entering the comb teeth to cause step damage due to
clamping of hard object, a comb tooth foreign matter protection device is installed under the
forefront board. When the umbrella tip, the heel of the high heels or other foreign matter of the
passenger is inserted in the place where the step and comb teeth are engaged, the comb board
will be pushed by the step and the comb board will push the forefront board to move and strike
the inching switch. The escalator will immediately stop running.
3.6.5. The step is the moving part for bearing the passengers. It is very dangerous if the step is
broken. Therefore, step caving in protective device is set at the upper and lower ends of the
escalator; when the step is broken and sunk to touch the upright of the protection switch, the
driving switch will make the escalator stop running.
3.7. Handrail device
3.7.1. The handrail device is installed at both sides of the escalator. The wall protecting board will
have a protecting and decorating effect. The wall protection board is usually composed of
toughened glass. Also, it can be composed of different materials selected.
3.7.2. The handrail is composed of rubber, acrylic cloth and steel wire. The acrylic cloth contacts
with the guide rail of handrail and has a guiding function. The steel wire inside the handrail bears
the tension. The color of the handrail can be selected according to relevant requirements. The
color of standard handrail is usually black.
3.7.3. The guide rail of handrail is made of steel rolled section bar with its surface galvanized. It
may be made of stainless steel upon special request.
3.7.4. The support of handrail is made of stainless steel (KLXF type).
3.7.5. The internal and external cover plates and apron board are made of metal materials. In
order to prevent the clamping of sundries between apron and step to influence the operation of
sidewalk, an inching switch is set behind the apron board. Once foreign matter is clamped to
cause deformation of apron board, the inching switch will function and the escalator will stop
running.
3.7.6. Some places require lighting under the handrail of the escalator. It is only required to
change the shape of the handrail support and install tubes or LED inside the support. Then, use a
transparent plastic board to seal.
3.7.7. The handrail is driven by the friction wheel of the handrail driving system. The tension state
of the handrail may be adjusted by using an adjusting mechanism.
3.7.8. The two ends and left/right of the handrail are also equipped with finger protective device to
prevent the clamping of children’s hands or foreign matters.
3.7.9. In the normal working state, the handrail shall be synchronous with the operating speed of
10

Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator
the step with the synchronous error of 0-+2%. The lower part of the handrail is also installed with
a broken belt protection switch. If the handrail is broken to touch the inching switch, the protection
switch will function and the escalator will stop running.
4. Safe operation and use of escalator
4. 1. Connected to power supply of escalator
Note: before the power supply of escalator is connected, verify if there are any personnel and
articles on the escalator. Before the escalator is used, check if each part of the escalator is within
the normal scope.
4.1.1. There are one up key button and one down key button with marks at the front ends of upper
side and lower side of the escalator as well as a red emergency stop button marked with red
“STOP”. The specific operation is shown as follows:
1）Insert the key and rotate the key according to the required direction (upward or downward).
2）After the escalator begins to run:
a. Pull out the key and preserve it in a safe place.
b. Pay attention to observing the operation of the steps by one cycle and confirm that there is no
damage in the steps and handrails. The handrail must be simultaneously running with the steps.
Besides, there shall be no jump.
4.1.2. If direction indication lamp and lighting are configured, make sure:
1）The direction indication sign of the direction indication lamp must be in line with the running
direction of escalator (when configured).
2）The clearance lamp of comb must give out light.
3）The lamp of comb board shall be on (if configured).
4.2. Disconnection of power supply of escalator
Make sure the power supply is cut off and the escalator is stopped only when it is confirmed that
there are no personnel on the escalator.
4.3. Change of moving direction
4.3.1. When the running direction of the escalator is changed, it may be controlled to change the
running direction only when the escalator is fully stopped and there are no passengers.
4.3.2. Before the moving direction is changed, the power supply of the escalator must be cut off.
When the escalator is still:
1）Insert the key and move up or down according to required running direction. Rotate the key
according to relevant direction.
2）After the escalator begins to run,
a. Pull out the key and preserve it in a safe place.
11

Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator
b. Pay attention to observing the step for running by one cycle.
4.4. The escalator must be operated by trained operator. Besides, the escalator must start up with
no load.
4.5. When standing on the running escalator, the passengers shall stand within the yellow frames
of the steps and face the running direction and hold the handrail.
4.6. When children ride the escalator, they must be watched by the adults.
4.7. Passengers who bring pets shall hold the pets in their arms.
4.8. Those with bare feet are not allowed to ride the escalator. It is not allowed to transport heavy
objects.
4.9. After starting the escalator by using power supply key switch, the operator shall timely inform
the repair personnel to check if the main power switch is closed and if switches like main switch
and repair control switch on the control box of escalator are closed if the escalator cannot run.
4.10. If the escalator still cannot start, the four finger protection switches or other safety protection
devices at the steering end of the handrail shall be checked to see if they are disconnected.
4.11. In case of emergency, press the emergency stop button switch to stop the running of
escalator.
5. Application management of escalator
5.1. The upper and lower machine rooms of the escalator can only be managed by the repair
personnel who work with required licenses. Other personnel are not allowed to enter at will.
5.2. Make sure there is no possibility of water invasion in the machine rooms (indoor escalator).
5.3. Keep the machine room clean, dry and free from dust, smoke and corrosive gases. It is not
allowed to store other articles.
5.4. When the escalator is not used for a long term, the main power switch of the machine rooms
shall be disconnected.
5.5. The escalator shall pass the acceptance of relevant department and be provided with
operation license. Qualified maintenance units shall preserve the escalator. Then, the escalator
can be put into normal operation.
6. Emergency treatment
6.1. When serious condition that influences the operation quality of escalator occurs.
6.2. After earthquake, despite the limited damage of slight and light earthquakes on the escalator,
horizontal movement or inclination will be caused to the escalator. Also, some electric wires will
be broken. At this point, if the escalator is started, unexpected accident will be caused.
6.3. When fire occurs, the power supply shall be cut off immediately to stop the running of
escalator and lead the passengers to safe places.
12

   Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator
6.4. When flood or water immersion in the machine room occurs.
When the abovementioned four conditions occur, the escalator must pass strict inspection by
relevant personnel. It may be used after rectification and authentication.
7.  Repair and maintenance standards of escalator
See Table 2.
Table 2

|      | Cycle  | Maintenance time  |     |          |     |
| ---- | ------ | ----------------- | --- | -------- | --- |
| No.  |        |                   |     | Remark   |     |
Item  interval
Executed by maintenance personnel
Twice every
1  Operation comfort   specialized  in  escalator  and  user
month
feedback
Executed by maintenance personnel
| Abnormal  | sound  | and  Twice every  |              |                |            |
| --------- | ------ | ----------------- | ------------ | -------------- | ---------- |
| 2         |        |                   | specialized  | in  escalator  | and  user  |
vibration  month
feedback
Executed by maintenance personnel
| Inspection of each fuse and  |     | Twice every  |              |                |            |
| ---------------------------- | --- | ------------ | ------------ | -------------- | ---------- |
| 3                            |     |              | specialized  | in  escalator  | and  user  |
air switch  month
feedback
| Inspection  | of  | each  | Executed by maintenance personnel  |     |     |
| ----------- | --- | ----- | ---------------------------------- | --- | --- |
Twice every
4  component  of  the  electric  specialized  in  escalator  and  user
month
| control box  |     |     | feedback  |     |     |
| ------------ | --- | --- | --------- | --- | --- |
Inspection  of  upper  and  Executed by maintenance personnel
Twice every
5  lower  finger  protection  specialized  in  escalator  and  user
month
| switches   |     |     | feedback  |     |     |
| ---------- | --- | --- | --------- | --- | --- |
Inspection of comb teeth of  Executed by maintenance personnel
Twice every
6  upper  and  lower  comb  specialized  in  escalator  and  user
month
| boards  |     |     | feedback  |     |     |
| ------- | --- | --- | --------- | --- | --- |
Inspection of engagement of  Executed by maintenance personnel
Twice every
7  combs  one  by  one  during  specialized  in  escalator  and  user
month
| step operation  |     |     | feedback  |     |     |
| --------------- | --- | --- | --------- | --- | --- |
Executed by maintenance personnel
| Inspection of cleanliness of  |     | Twice every  |              |                |            |
| ----------------------------- | --- | ------------ | ------------ | -------------- | ---------- |
| 8                             |     |              | specialized  | in  escalator  | and  user  |
step tooth grooves  month
feedback
Executed by maintenance personnel
| Synchronous  | inspection  | of  Twice every  |              |                |            |
| ------------ | ----------- | ---------------- | ------------ | -------------- | ---------- |
| 9            |             |                  | specialized  | in  escalator  | and  user  |
handrail and pedal  month
feedback
Executed by maintenance personnel
Twice every
10  Inspection of brake  specialized  in  escalator  and  user
month
feedback
Lubrication  inspection  of  Executed by maintenance personnel
Twice every
11  transmission chain and step  specialized  in  escalator  and  user
month
| chain  |     |     | feedback  |     |     |
| ------ | --- | --- | --------- | --- | --- |
Executed by maintenance personnel
| Cleaning work of control box  |     | Twice every  |              |                |            |
| ----------------------------- | --- | ------------ | ------------ | -------------- | ---------- |
| 12                            |     |              | specialized  | in  escalator  | and  user  |
and driving main machine  month
feedback
| Clearance  | inspection  |     | Executed by maintenance personnel  |     |     |
| ---------- | ----------- | --- | ---------------------------------- | --- | --- |
Twice every
13  between  step  and  apron  specialized  in  escalator  and  user
month
| board  |     |     | feedback  |     |     |
| ------ | --- | --- | --------- | --- | --- |
Executed by maintenance personnel
| Surface  | cleaning  | of  Twice every  |              |                |            |
| -------- | --------- | ---------------- | ------------ | -------------- | ---------- |
| 14       |           |                  | specialized  | in  escalator  | and  user  |
escalator  month
feedback
13

   Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator
Executed by maintenance personnel
| Voltage  | inspection  of  | each       |              |                |            |
| -------- | --------------- | ---------- | ------------ | -------------- | ---------- |
| 15       |                 | Bimonthly  | specialized  | in  escalator  | and  user  |
power supply
feedback
Executed by maintenance personnel
| Inspection  | of  stopping  |            |              |                |            |
| ----------- | ------------- | ---------- | ------------ | -------------- | ---------- |
| 16          |               | Bimonthly  | specialized  | in  escalator  | and  user  |
distance of brake
feedback
Executed by maintenance personnel
| Pulse  | speed  detection  |            |              |                |            |
| ------ | ----------------- | ---------- | ------------ | -------------- | ---------- |
| 17     |                   | Bimonthly  | specialized  | in  escalator  | and  user  |
inspection
feedback
Executed by maintenance personnel
Inspection of actions of each
| 18  |     | Bimonthly  | specialized  | in  escalator  | and  user  |
| --- | --- | ---------- | ------------ | -------------- | ---------- |
safety switch
feedback
Executed by maintenance personnel
| Inspection  | of  reducer  | of         |              |                |            |
| ----------- | ------------ | ---------- | ------------ | -------------- | ---------- |
| 19          |              | Bimonthly  | specialized  | in  escalator  | and  user  |
driving main machine
feedback
Executed by maintenance personnel
| Inspection  | of  motor  | of         |              |                |            |
| ----------- | ---------- | ---------- | ------------ | -------------- | ---------- |
| 20          |            | Bimonthly  | specialized  | in  escalator  | and  user  |
driving main machine
feedback
Inspection  of  output  shaft  Executed by maintenance personnel
21  chain wheel of driving main  Bimonthly  specialized  in  escalator  and  user
| machine  |     |     | feedback  |     |     |
| -------- | --- | --- | --------- | --- | --- |
Executed by maintenance personnel
| Inspection  | of  tensioning  |            |              |                |            |
| ----------- | --------------- | ---------- | ------------ | -------------- | ---------- |
| 22          |                 | Bimonthly  | specialized  | in  escalator  | and  user  |
device of step chain
feedback
Executed by maintenance personnel
Clamping inspection of step
| 23  |     | Bimonthly  | specialized  | in  escalator  | and  user  |
| --- | --- | ---------- | ------------ | -------------- | ---------- |
and shaft positioning
feedback
Executed by maintenance personnel
| Inspection  | of  degree  | of  Twice every  |              |                |            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ---------------- | ------------ | -------------- | ---------- |
| 24          |             |                  | specialized  | in  escalator  | and  user  |
abrasion of handrail  month
feedback

Note: If the abovementioned maintenance work is executed by the personnel designated by the
user himself/herself, these personnel shall pass the training examination concerning repair and
maintenance of escalator and obtain special work operation licenses before execution.

8.  Key points of repair and maintenance
8.1. Precautions for repair and maintenance
Personnel not specialized in repair and maintenance shall not conduct repair operation without
authorization. PLC control system is adopted in this escalator. Be careful during repair and
maintenance.
8.1.1. The following regulations shall be observed during repair and maintenance of escalator:
8.1.1.1. Do not transport passengers or cargos during repair and maintenance. The upper and
lower accesses shall be suspended with an indication board saying “Escalator under overhaul,
unavailable”.
8.1.1.2. The switches in relevant positions shall be disconnected. It is only allowed to use repair
inspection control switch for operation;
14

Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator
8.1.1.3. During the operation of upper and lower machine rooms, the main power switch shall be
disconnected;
8.1.1.4. The hand lamps used must be fitted with a protective cover, and with a safe voltage below
36V.
(Low-voltage sockets used for inspection shall be installed in upper and lower machine
rooms);
8.1.1.5. The operation shall be carried out by the host together with assistants. One-man
inspection shall be avoided;
8.1.1.6. If the driver is needed to coordinate the operation, he/she must be absorbed and strictly
obey the commands of the repair personnel;
8.1.1.7. In parts where steps are disassembled, repair personnel are strictly forbidden to enter this
area if the main power switch is not disconnected.
8.1.1.8. After the completion of operation, repair or maintenance in the upper and lower machine
rooms, the forefront boards shall be timely covered.
8.2. The key points of maintenance are shown in Table 3.
15

Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator
Table 3
No. Item Content
Run the escalator and feel in person to confirm the stability of
1 Operation comfort
step operation.
Check if the step operation rubs with the apron board or
Abnormal sound and collide with the comb board; check if it is smoothly transiting
2
vibration with the steering wall during steering; check if the main wheel
is broken.
Inspection of each air Check if the air switches and fuses in the control box comply
3
switch and fuse with relevant requirements and are in good condition.
Inspection of each
Check if the terminals of the components are loose and if the
4 element of the electric
action is reliable.
control box
Inspection of finger Check if the four finger protection switches in upper and lower
5
protection switches parts act reliably and if the reset is normal.
Check if the upper and lower comb boards are damages and
Inspection of comb
6 if the comb teeth are in the central position of pedal tooth
teeth of comb boards
groove.
Check if the steps smoothly pass the comb boards during
Engagement of steps operation. The depth of engagement shall not be less than
7
and combs 6mm. The clearance between step pedal and comb board
shall not exceed 4mm.
Inspection of
Check if there are wastes or sundries in the pedal tooth
8 cleanliness of step
groove.
tooth grooves
Synchronous inspection
9 Synchronous speed of handrail and step: 0-+2%
of handrail and step
Inspection of brake of The action of the brake shall be reliable and its clearance
10
driving main machine shall be 0.7~1.2mm when taking off the brake.
Lubrication inspection
11 of transmission chain Apply a little quantity of engine oil.
and pedal chain
Cleaning work of
12 control box and driving Clean the surfaces of control box and driving main machine.
main machine
Check the clearance between step and apron board during
Clearance inspection
operation to make sure it does not exceed 4mm (one-side)
13 between step and
and the sum of clearances shall not exceed 7mm
apron board
(double-side).
Clean the surfaces of upper and lower forefront boards, comb
Surface cleaning of
14 boards, each step, internal and external cover plates, handrail
escalator
and glass, etc.
Voltage inspection of Confirm if the voltage of each power supply complies with the
15
each power supply requirement of electrical schematic diagram.
The escalator moves downward with no load. The stopping
Inspection of braking distance is 0.2-0.8m. Check if there is any friction between
16
distance of brake braking belt and braking wheel. Check if the operation is
reliable during braking andif there is abnormal striking sound.
Pulse speed detection Check the speed of driving main machine and the step
17
inspection running speed to see if they overspeed.
Inspection of driving Check the operation conditions of driving chain and step
18
chain and step chain chain.
16

Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator
Inspection of various
Check various safety protection switches of the escalator to
19 safety protection
assure each protection switch acts reliably.
switches
Check the cleanliness and lubrication performance as well as
temperature of lubrication oil in the reducer. The lubrication oil
Inspection of reducer of
20 shall be changed when necessary. Check the degree of
driving main machine
abrasion of tooth profile and the working conditions of the
bearing.
Check the working temperature rise of the motor, check if the
Inspection of motor of operation is stable and free from abnormal vibration and
21
driving main machine noise. Check if the wire holder is not loose and has favorable
insulation.
Inspection of output
Check the abrasion condition of output shaft chain wheel and
22 shaft of driving main
if the coordination with shaft is loose.
machine
Adjust the tensioning force between two step chains. Check if
Inspection of tensioning
23 the operation state of the steps influences the tensioning
device of step chain
force.
Clamping inspection of Check the central positioning, shaft sleeve and clamping
24 step and shaft device of each step. The clamping sleeve ring shall not be
positioning loose.
Check the operation and abrasion conditions of two handrails.
Check if the surfaces are damaged and if there is any local
Inspection of degree of
25 breakage on the handrail belt. If the perimeter is extended
abrasion of handrail
and cannot be adjusted to be synchronous with the step
speed, it shall be replaced.
8.3 Description
8.3.1. Comfort and vibration in movement
8.3.1.1. If the brake is not fully taken off or the braking belt is biased even the brake is released,
there will be friction between braking belt and braking wheel, which will easily cause impact.
8.3.1.2. After the step chain is stretched, error will occurs in the pitch to cause the deviation of the
step and friction with apron board.
8.3.1.3. The roundness of the step Roller Wheels is out of tolerance or the roller bearing is
damaged.
8.3.1.4. The steps cannot smoothly transit during steering, or the clearance between the steering
wall and wheel is too big.
8.3.2. Inspection of driving main machine
8.3.2.1. Reducer
8.3.2.1.1. After the worm gear or gear pair is used for a long term, since the friction increases the
backlash in circular tooth or the bearing abrasion leads to the axial float of the escalator during
direction turning or generates relatively big impact and noise, it is required to adjust the backlash
in circular tooth of the worm gear and the thickness of the adjusting gasket at the bearing end
cover or replace the bearing at this point to reduce the impact noise.
8.3.2.1.2. Keep the lubrication oil inside the reducer clean with favorable lubrication performance.
17

Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator
Otherwise, it shall be timely changed. Also, the oil level shall be constantly checked to make sure
it is within the scope stipulated by the oil scale. Please refer to the lubrication table for
recommendation of lubrication oil.
8.3.2.1.3. The bearing cap shall be closely connected to the cabinet with no oil leakage.
8.3.2.1.4. Under general circumstances, the lubrication oil of the reducer shall be replaced
according to the lubrication table. Constantly check if there is any impurity in the lubrication oil of
the reducer of the newly installed escalator. Clean the impurity or replace the lubrication oil
immediately.
8.3.2.1.5. When the escalator is running under normal working conditions, the temperatures of its
machine parts and bearings shall not exceed 80K.
8.3.2.1.6. When the rolling bearing generates uneven noise or striking sound, it shall be timely
replaced.
8.3.2.1.7. The damping rubber blanket in the coupler shall be checked semiannually. If it is
damaged, it must be timely replaced. During replacement of motor, the damping rubber blanket
must be replaced too.
8.3.2.2. Brake
8.3.2.2.1. The action shall be flexible and reliably. The coil temperature rise of the brake motor
shall not exceed 60K.
8.3.2.2.2. The wire holder of brake motor shall not be loose and shall have favorable insulation.
8.3.2.2.3. The pin shall be flexible. It may be lubricated using engine oil (during oil filling, the oil
splashed on the working surface of the brake wheel shall be cleaned).
8.3.2.2.4. Keep the working surface of the brake belt clean without grease or paint in it. The screw
head of the fixed brake belt must be sunk in the brake belt. It is not allowed to contact with the
surface of brake wheel. If the abrasion of the brake belt is excessive to make the screw head
exposed or the amount of abrasion exceeds one fourth of the thickness of brake belt, it shall be
timely replaced.
8.3.2.2.5. Under the precondition that safety and reliability are assured, the braking spring force
shall be adjusted to satisfy the braking distance of the step.
8.3.2.3. Motor:
8.3.2.3.1. The motor is connected to reducer through flange. The connection must be tight. Also,
the coaxiality of the worm shaft and motor shaft shall be assured.
8.3.2.3.2. The temperature rise of the bearing of the motor shall not exceed 80K.
8.3.2.3.3. If noise is generated due to uneven distribution of air gap between stator and rotator
along the surrounding direction caused by abrasion of bearing, the bearing shall be replaced.
8.3.3. Inspection of driving system (upper and lower structures of the escalator).
8.3.3.1. The driving main shaft is driven by the driving main machine through double-row driving
18

Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator
chain. If the shaft is stretched during application process to generate noise, the adjusting bolt of
the base of driving main machine can be adjusted to tension the driving double-row chain with
proper tensioning degree. It shall be tensioned to such a degree that the sinking of the
double-row does not exceed 16mm.
8.3.3.2. Lithium base grease shall be bimonthly applied on the rolling bearing of the driving main
shaft.
8.3.3.3. The scraping belt of step chain and big chain wheel shall have sufficient lubrication.
8.3.3.4. When the step chain is used for a long term, the pitch will be lengthened to cause error
and lead to unstable step operation. Besides, the two sides of the step collide with apron board.
When the pitch error of the step chain is excessive, it shall be replaced.
8.3.3.5. Lithium base grease shall be bimonthly applied on the rolling bearing of the main shaft of
tension chain wheel.
8.3.4. Step guide rail
The step guide rail is composed of cold-rolled section bar. It is composed of upper and lower
curve guide rails and middle straight-line guide rail. The curve guide rails at two ends are
continuous with the steering wall to let the step counter wheel bypass the steering wall. Check if
the surface state of the guide rail is in good condition and free from deformation and deflection.
Also, check if it favorably contacts with the step Roller Wheels.
8.3.5. Step
8.3.5.1. Step is a part that conducts cyclic movement along the step guide rail. It is engaged with
the comb board before turning. Upon entering the comb teeth for engagement, the plastic pedal
strip can be easily damaged when encountered with sundries. Timely replace it if there is any
deformation or damage.
8.3.5.2. The two sides of the step are installed with nylon guiding blocks which have a clearance
of 0.60mm with each side of the apron board. The nylon guiding block is allowed to directly rub
with the apron board. However, it is easily to wear. When the amount of abrasion reaches 1.2mm,
it shall be timely replaced.
8.3.5.3. During the operation of step along the guide rail, the four Roller Wheelss shall closely
cling to the surface of guide rail. If the step is deformed after long-term use and one of the four
Roller Wheelss cannot touch the guide rail surface or the permanent deformation of pedal surface
exceeds 4mm, a certain step shall be timely replaced.
8.3.6. Handrail
8.3.6.1. The handrail is driven by the friction wheel. There are many Roller Wheelss in each
process, which can easily cause friction losses. The residual rubber chips will influence the
normal operation of other parts.
8.3.6.2. If the handrail is stretched too much after long-term use, and it still cannot meet the
19

Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator
requirement of normal operation after adjustment by tensioning device and the synchronous
speed with step cannot reach 0-+2%, the handrail shall be replaced.
8.3.7. Each safety facility switch shall safe, reliable and effective. All safety facility protection
switches shall go through functional reliability inspection once every year. If a certain protection
switch fails the testing and inspection, it must be timely replaced. Make sure each safety facility
protection switch is in a normal and effective state.
8.3.8. Automatic oiling device
8.3.8.1. Each escalator produced by our company is equipped with an automatic oiling device.
8.3.8.2. The automatic oiling device is a kind of spring piston pump driven by a micro motor. It
distributes the lubrication oil according to certain proportion to each lubrication point through the
metering part. The oil filling volume may be adjusted within the scope of 0.2-6ml.
8.3.8.3. The oil filling amount of the lubricant pump shall be adjusted according to the lubrication
demand. The adjustment method is shown in the oil pump manual attached. The adjustment shall
be carried out according to the adjustment methods of different electric lubricant pumps to reach a
reasonable automatic oiling effect.
8.3.8.4. It is required to use clean and compliant lubrication oil in the automatic oiling device (refer
to lubrication table 4).
8.3.8.5. The oil storage tank must be cleaned semiannually. Also, the oil inlet felt and filter screen
shall be cleaned or replaced. If oily pollution is found, the oil pump must be cleaned and the oil
must be replaced.
8.3.8.6. Check if the lubrication system works normally, if there is any leakage, if the oil
transmission pipe is damaged, and if the junction is loose on a regular basis. If the accessories
are found damaged, they shall be timely replaced. Never use excessive force when tightening the
accessories.
8.3.8.7. Keep each oil pipe output from the oil pump unimpeded. The oil brush shall be clean and
free from sundries. If the oil brush is dry, use kerosene to clean before continuous use.
9. Lubrication of escalator
9.1. For the lubrication parts of escalator, see the lubrication diagram of escalator attached.
9.2. The lubrication cycle and oil (grease) used in the lubrication parts of the escalator are shown
in Table 4.
Table 4
Code of Standard No.
Name of Lubrication Name of
No. Cycle oil of oil Oil volume
part part grease
(grease) (grease)
Driving Worm gear 12 VG 460 First oil
1 VG 460
main of reducer months Mineral oil replacement:
20

   Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator
| machine  |     |     |     | (≤11kw)        |     | 1500 hours    |
| -------- | --- | --- | --- | -------------- | --- | ------------- |
|          |     |     |     | Synthetic oil  |     | Normal oil    |
|          |     |     |     | (=15kw)        |     | replacement:  |
10000 hours
| Driving  | Brake and       |       |      |              |         |                   |
| -------- | --------------- | ----- | ---- | ------------ | ------- | ----------------- |
|          |                 | 1     |      |              |         | Fill once with a  |
| 2  main  | arm shaft       |       | 30#  | Machine oil  | SY1608  |                   |
|          |                 | month |      |              |         | little quantity   |
| machine  | activity point  |       |      |              |         |                   |
Replace
| Automatic  |               | 1     |      |              |         |                  |
| ---------- | ------------- | ----- | ---- | ------------ | ------- | ---------------- |
| 3          | Moving parts  |       | 30#  | Machine oil  | SY1608  | semiannually in  |
| oiler      |               | month |      |              |         |                  |
the oil tank.
Synthetic
| Driving     | Shaft end  | 1     |     |               |                | Squeeze    |
| ----------- | ---------- | ----- | --- | ------------- | -------------- | ---------- |
| 4           |            |       | 3#  | lithium base  | SH/T0380-1992  |            |
| main shaft  | bearing    | month |     |               |                | bimonthly  |
grease
Synthetic
| Tensioning  | Shaft end  | 1     |     |               |                | Squeeze once  |
| ----------- | ---------- | ----- | --- | ------------- | -------------- | ------------- |
| 5           |            |       | 3#  | lithium base  | SH/T0380-1992  |               |
| main shaft  | bearing    | month |     |               |                | bimonthly     |
grease
Synthetic
| 6  Handrail  | Shaft end  | 1     |     |               |                | Squeeze once  |
| ------------ | ---------- | ----- | --- | ------------- | -------------- | ------------- |
|              |            |       | 3#  | lithium base  | SH/T0380-1992  |               |
| driving      | bearing    | month |     |               |                | bimonthly     |
grease
Fill once with a
| Driving  | Chain    | 1     |      |              |         | little quantity   |
| -------- | -------- | ----- | ---- | ------------ | ------- | ----------------- |
| 7        |          |       | 30#  | Machine oil  | SY1608  |                   |
| chain    | surface  | month |      |              |         | Twice every       |
month
Fill once with a
|                | Chain    | 1     |      |              |         | little quantity   |
| -------------- | -------- | ----- | ---- | ------------ | ------- | ----------------- |
| 8  Step chain  |          |       | 30#  | Machine oil  | SY1608  |                   |
|                | surface  | month |      |              |         | Twice every       |
month
| Guide rail of  |             |     |     | Synthetic  |     | Apply once and  |
| -------------- | ----------- | --- | --- | ---------- | --- | --------------- |
|                | Surface of  | 12  |     |            |     |                 |
9  tensioning  3#  lithium base  SH/T0380-1992  replace once
|             | guide rail  | months |     |         |     |             |
| ----------- | ----------- | ------ | --- | ------- | --- | ----------- |
| main shaft  |             |        |     | grease  |     | every year  |
21

   Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator
10.  Quick-wear parts (spares and spare parts)
10.1. Spares and spare parts necessary for repair and maintenance of escalator
10.2. Quick-wear parts (the user may order separately in the order contract) shall be checked on
a regular basis and replaced timely according to this table. The quick-wear parts are shown in
Table 6.
Table 6
Replacement cycle
| No.  | Name of component  | Part  |     |     | Remark   |
| ---- | ------------------ | ----- | --- | --- | -------- |
(month)
Upper and
According to
lower
| 1   | Comb board  |     | degrees of abrasion  | PC or aluminum alloy  |     |
| --- | ----------- | --- | -------------------- | --------------------- | --- |
forefront
and breakage
boards
According to
| 2  Safety frame (yellow)  |     | Step  | degrees of abrasion  |     | PC  |
| ------------------------- | --- | ----- | -------------------- | --- | --- |
and breakage
|     |     | Step  | According to  |     |     |
| --- | --- | ----- | ------------- | --- | --- |
Left and right safety
| 3   |     | (stainless  | degrees of abrasion  |     | PC  |
| --- | --- | ----------- | -------------------- | --- | --- |
frames (yellow)
|     |     | steel)  | and breakage  |     |     |
| --- | --- | ------- | ------------- | --- | --- |
According to
Handrail
| 4   | Handrail band chain  |     | degrees of abrasion  | Assembly  |     |
| --- | -------------------- | --- | -------------------- | --------- | --- |
driving device
and breakage
Rubber-containing steel
|     |     | Handrail  | According to  | wire; according to the  |     |
| --- | --- | --------- | ------------- | ----------------------- | --- |
5  Handrail  system  degrees of abrasion  lifting height and angle of
|     |     | device  | and breakage  | inclination of the  |     |
| --- | --- | ------- | ------------- | ------------------- | --- |
escalator
According to
|     |       | Step guide  |                      | According to the width of  |     |
| --- | ----- | ----------- | -------------------- | -------------------------- | --- |
| 6   | Step  |             | degrees of abrasion  |                            |     |
|     |       | rail        |                      | escalator                  |     |
and breakage
According to
| 7   | Step main wheel  | Step chain  | degrees of abrasion  |     | PU  |
| --- | ---------------- | ----------- | -------------------- | --- | --- |
and breakage
According to
| 8   | Step auxiliary wheel  | Step  | degrees of abrasion  |     | PU  |
| --- | --------------------- | ----- | -------------------- | --- | --- |
and breakage
When the amount of
| 9  Step protecting block  |     | Step  | abrasion reaches  |     | Nylon  |
| ------------------------- | --- | ----- | ----------------- | --- | ------ |
1.2mm
According to degree
| 10  | Braking belt  | Brake   |     |     |     |
| --- | ------------- | ------- | --- | --- | --- |
of abrasion
When the
| 11  | LXW6-11Q1  | Safety switch | application condition  |     |     |
| --- | ---------- | ------------- | ---------------------- | --- | --- |
is not determined
When the
| 12  | ZR231  | Safety switch | application condition  |     |     |
| --- | ------ | ------------- | ---------------------- | --- | --- |
is not determined
When the
| 13  | TR231  | Safety switch | application condition  |     |     |
| --- | ------ | ------------- | ---------------------- | --- | --- |
is not determined
22

   Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator
11.  Analysis and troubleshooting of common failures
Please refer to Table 7.
Table 7
Trouble
| No.  |     |     | Analysis of main reasons  |     |     |     | Elimination methods  |     |     |
| ---- | --- | --- | ------------------------- | --- | --- | --- | -------------------- | --- | --- |
Phenomena
|     |                  |     | 1. If the power switch is closed.  |     |     |     | 1. Check the power switch and  |     |     |
| --- | ---------------- | --- | ---------------------------------- | --- | --- | --- | ------------------------------ | --- | --- |
|     | The step cannot  |     | 2. The supply voltage is too low.  |     |     |     | close it.                      |     |     |
start  when  the  3.  The  dynamic  power  supply  2. The voltage is too low. It shall
1  starting  key  has misphasing or phase failure.  be shut down and not used.
switch  is  turned  4.  The  key  switch  is  3.  Check  the  phase  sequence
|     | on.               |     | disconnected and the thread is  |     |     |     | relay or repair it.               |     |     |
| --- | ----------------- | --- | ------------------------------- | --- | --- | --- | --------------------------------- | --- | --- |
|     |                   |     | loose.                          |     |     |     | 4. Adjust and repair.             |     |     |
|     |                   |     | 1. The dynamic power supply is  |     |     |     | 1. Recover the supply of dynamic  |     |     |
|     | The escalator is  |     | cut.                            |     |     |     | power supply.                     |     |     |
suddenly  shut  2. The safety protection switch is  2.  Check  the  safety  protection
2
|     | down  | during  | disconnected (one).  |     |     |     | switch.   |     |     |
| --- | ----- | ------- | -------------------- | --- | --- | --- | --------- | --- | --- |
running.   3.  Someone  presses  the  3.  Restart  the  direction  key
|     |     |     | emergency stop button.   |     |     |     | switch.   |     |     |
| --- | --- | --- | ------------------------ | --- | --- | --- | --------- | --- | --- |
1. The brake is not fully taken off
|     |        |             | or  the  | braking  | belt  is  | biased  |     |     |     |
| --- | ------ | ----------- | -------- | -------- | --------- | ------- | --- | --- | --- |
|     | There  | is  impact  |          |          |           |         |     |     |     |
even the brake is released, and
|     | when       | the  |                                    |     |     |     | 1. Check and adjust.               |     |     |
| --- | ---------- | ---- | ---------------------------------- | --- | --- | --- | ---------------------------------- | --- | --- |
| 3   |            |      | there is friction between braking  |     |     |     |                                    |     |     |
|     | escalator  |      | is                                 |     |     |     | 2. Adjust the brake release time.  |     |     |
belt and braking wheel.
started.
2. The brake release time is too
late.
|     |     |     | 1.  The             | error  | of  pitch  | of  step  |                            |     |     |
| --- | --- | --- | ------------------- | ------ | ---------- | --------- | -------------------------- | --- | --- |
|     |     |     | chain is too big.   |        |            |           | 1. Check the step chain.   |     |     |
Obvious shaking
|     |     |     | 2. The roundness of step main  |     |     |     | 2. Check the roundness of step  |     |     |
| --- | --- | --- | ------------------------------ | --- | --- | --- | ------------------------------- | --- | --- |
4  or jump occurs in
|     |     |     | wheel is over-proof.   |     |     |     | main wheel.   |     |     |
| --- | --- | --- | ---------------------- | --- | --- | --- | ------------- | --- | --- |
step running.
|     |     |     | 3.  The  | step  | main  wheel  |     | is  3. Replace it.   |     |     |
| --- | --- | --- | -------- | ----- | ------------ | --- | -------------------- | --- | --- |
broken.
|     | During  |     | 1.  The  | step  | deviates  | from  the  |     |     |     |
| --- | ------- | --- | -------- | ----- | --------- | ---------- | --- | --- | --- |
operation,  there  center of guide rail.   1. Check the calibration center.
is  friction  sound  2. There is friction in the step  2. Replace the guiding block.
5
between  step  guiding block.   3. Adjust the clearance between
and  apron  3. The clearance between step  step and apron board.
|     | board.   |     | and apron board is too small.   |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| --- | -------- | --- | ------------------------------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
1. The driving friction of handrail
|     | The          |     | is too small.                   |     |     |     | 1.  Adjust  | the  handrail  | driving  |
| --- | ------------ | --- | ------------------------------- | --- | --- | --- | ----------- | -------------- | -------- |
|     | synchronous  |     | 1. The pressing force of press  |     |     |     | device.     |                |          |
6  speed  of  belt is not enough.   2.  Adjust  the  pressing  force  of
|     | handrail  | and  | 3.  The  | handrail  | has  | been  | press belt.   |     |     |
| --- | --------- | ---- | -------- | --------- | ---- | ----- | ------------- | --- | --- |
step is too low.   extended to out of tolerance and  3. Replace the handrail.
cannot be adjusted.
1. The brake spring is too tight
|     | The    | braking    |                                 |     |     |     |                                  |               |      |
| --- | ------ | ---------- | ------------------------------- | --- | --- | --- | -------------------------------- | ------------- | ---- |
|     |        |            | and the brake release force is  |     |     |     | 1. Adjust the spring pressure.   |               |      |
|     | wheel  | gets  hot  |                                 |     |     |     |                                  |               |      |
|     |        |            | not enough.                     |     |     |     | 2.  Measure                      | the  voltage  | and  |
and has peculiar
|     |     |     | 2.  The  | power-on  | continuous  |     | adjust the DC voltage.   |     |     |
| --- | --- | --- | -------- | --------- | ----------- | --- | ------------------------ | --- | --- |
7  smell. There are
|     |     |     | voltage of brake is too low and it  |     |     |     | 3. Adjust and fill lubrication oil.   |     |     |
| --- | --- | --- | ----------------------------------- | --- | --- | --- | ------------------------------------- | --- | --- |
obvious marking
|     |         |          | cannot                          | enable  | the  brake  |     | to  4. Replace the brake motor.   |     |     |
| --- | ------- | -------- | ------------------------------- | ------- | ----------- | --- | --------------------------------- | --- | --- |
|     | traces  | on  the  |                                 |         |             |     |                                   |     |     |
|     |         |          | release in proper timing (upon  |         |             |     | 5. Replace the braking belt.      |     |     |
wheel surface.
startup).
23

   Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator
|     |     | 3.  The  | brake  | mechanism  | is  |     |     |
| --- | --- | -------- | ------ | ---------- | --- | --- | --- |
clamped.
4. The brake motor is burnt.
|     |     | 5.  The  | braking  | belt  is  serious  |     |     |     |
| --- | --- | -------- | -------- | ------------------ | --- | --- | --- |
abraded or the rivet is exposed
|     |     | from  the  | working  | surface  | of  |     |     |
| --- | --- | ---------- | -------- | -------- | --- | --- | --- |
braking belt.
| There      |          | is                              |     |     |     |     |     |
| ---------- | -------- | ------------------------------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| abnormal   | sound    |                                 |     |     |     |     |     |
| or         | obvious  | 1. The axial clearance of worm  |     |     |     |     |     |
| excessive  |          | gear is too big.                |     |     |     |     |     |
1. Adjust or replace bearing.
| vibration  | during  | 2. The bearing is abraded.  |     |     |     |     |     |
| ---------- | ------- | --------------------------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
2. Check the fasteners.
| 8  the  operation  |       | of  3. The fasteners are loose.   |              |          |             |          |            |
| ------------------ | ----- | --------------------------------- | ------------ | -------- | ----------- | -------- | ---------- |
|                    |       |                                   |              |          | 3.  Clean,  | replace  | and  fill  |
| driving            | main  | 4.  The                           | lubrication  | oil  of  | the         |          |            |
lubrication oil.
| machine.        | Or       | reducer is insufficient and there  |     |     |     |     |     |
| --------------- | -------- | ---------------------------------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| local  heating  |          | is  is impurity in the oil.        |     |     |     |     |     |
| found           | in  the  |                                    |     |     |     |     |     |
bearing.
1. The external temperature is
| The  motor  |     | of  |     |     | 1.  Keep  | a  normal  | room  |
| ----------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --------- | ---------- | ----- |
too high.
| driving  | main  |     |     |     | temperature.   |     |     |
| -------- | ----- | --- | --- | --- | -------------- | --- | --- |
2. The motor is overloaded for a
| 9  machine  |     | is  |     |     | 2. Check the mechanical failure.  |     |     |
| ----------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --------------------------------- | --- | --- |
long time.
| overheated  | with  |     |     |     | 3. Replace the thermal protection  |     |     |
| ----------- | ----- | --- | --- | --- | ---------------------------------- | --- | --- |
3. The thermal protection relay
| peculiar smell.   |     |     |     |     | relay.   |     |     |
| ----------------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | -------- | --- | --- |
is out of work.
| The  | phase  | 1. The power supply has wrong  |     |     |     |     |     |
| ---- | ------ | ------------------------------ | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
1. Adjust the sequences of three
| sequence     | relay  | phase.   |        |         |                                  |     |     |
| ------------ | ------ | -------- | ------ | ------- | -------------------------------- | --- | --- |
| 10           |        |          |        |         | phases of dynamic power supply.  |     |     |
| of  control  | box    | 2.  The  | power  | supply  | is                               |     |     |
2. Check and repair.
| acts.   |     | misphasing.   |     |     |     |     |     |
| ------- | --- | ------------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |

12. Instructions to repair
12.1. Refer to the documents attached with the machine concerning the model and control mode
complying with this escalator during repair.
12.2. Refer to relevant electric schematic diagram, work principle description and instructions to
element codes of this escalator.
12.3. Eliminate different failures of the escalator according to the instructions in the attached
documents in order to recover normal operation of the escalator as soon as possible.
12.4. Contact with the technical department of our company under special circumstances.
13. Cleaning
13.1. In order to make sure the escalator can run well, it shall be cleaned on a regular basis.
Attention is paid to selecting cleaning agent:
1)  Use neutral solutions like soap water to clean plastic and rubber surfaces. If other cleaning
agent are used (e.g. high-concentration alcohol), the plastics will lose luster and become
brittle.
2)  Never use corrosive, solvent or abrasive cleaning agent or polishing agents.
3)  During cleaning, please follow the followings:
a.  Before cleaning, please disconnect the power supply of escalator first.
24

Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator
b. Practically assure that no water or other liquids flow in the escalator. Thus, the parts and
components of the escalator will not be corroded.
c. Only use a wet cotton cloth to clean and dry the painted components and aluminum surfaces.
d. During the cleaning of chrome plated components, it is only allowed to use a dry cotton cloth.
14. Suggestions:
You may assure the value and safety of your escalator if you sign a repair contract with Canny
Elevator Co., Ltd.. Therefore, all repair operations including safety inspection of preventive
accidents and necessary adjustments will be carried out on a regular basis. Canny Elevator Co.,
Ltd. will strictly follow the requirements of state standards and relevant specifications and
coordinate the repair cycle with you.
25

Operation & Maintenance Manual of KLXF30L Escalator
Direction B
System Wire
Direction D
Direction F
Lubrication Assembly Diagram of KLXF30L
Canny Elevator Co., Ltd. KLXF 26