TYPE-EXAMINATION CERTIFICATE OF SPECIAL EQUIPMENT
（ELEVATOR）
No. TSX B37003820180107

Name of Applicant:

Tianjin Jiali Elevator Motor Co., Ltd.

Registered  Address  of
Applicant:

West side of the South of Liukou Road,Yangliuqing    Village,Xiqing
District,Tianjin

Name of Manufacturer:

Tianjin Jiali Elevator Motor Co., Ltd.

Manufacturing address:

West side of the South of Liukou Road,Yangliuqing    Village,Xiqing
District,Tianjin

Product category:

Main Elevator component

Equipment Type:  Driving machine

Product Name:

Escalator/passenger conveyer driving
machine

Model/Type:

FT1Z4840

Inspection Report No.        2018AF0565

The Verification
Report No.

2022AF0448

By the Type-Examination, the sample is confirmed to be in accordance with Regulation for type
  Tests of Elevators (2016) (Including No.1 amending list).

The sample is in compliance with Regulation of GB 16899-2011 Safety Rules for the Construction and

Installation of Escalator/passenger conveyer and EN115-1:2008 Safety of escalators and moving walks Part

1: Construction and installations

The certificate covers the following different products mentioned below:

FT1Z4840

Please refer to the annex for the specific parameters and configuration about the covered products.

                                                                                        (检验机构检验专用章)

                                                                                                                          ( Stamp)

    Issued  Date:      31-May-2018
      Date  for  Recertification:      28-May-2022

  Next  Verification  Before:      30-May-2024

SHENZHEN INSTITUTE OF QUALITY & SAFETY INSPECTION AND RESEARCH

GUANGDONG STATION OF ELEVATOR QUALITY SUPERVISION AND TEST (SHENZHEN)
Notes: 1. The applicant has the responsibility to ensure the products being in compliance with standard and also ensure the

consistence of product and type tested sample.

            2. The certificate cannot apply to products produced after next verification date.

TYPE-EXAMINATION CERTIFICATE ANNEXED TABLE (ELEVATOR)

Certificate No.

TSX B37003820180107

Equipment Type  Driving machine

Product Name

Escalator/passenger conveyer
driving machine

Rated output
torque

5413 N·m

Model/Type

FT1Z4840

Rated Speed of
driving machine

39.80 r/min

Drive mode

Positive driving

Structure Pattern

3-phase AC excitation
asynchronous structure (output
shaft supported by two point)

Number and
structure pattern
of brakes

External-contacting
electromagnetic drum (Two
dividedly installed)

  Motor Structure
Pattern

3-phase AC excitation
asynchronous motor

Braking effect
position
Material grade
of contacting
surface on
transmission
pair

Height of the
centre

motor shaft

Helical gear    17CrNiMo6
Bevel gear    20MnCr5

Reduction device
mode

Width between
centres, Crossed
axis angle of
Reduction device

Helical gear& Bevel gear

200 mm、90°

Not applicable

  Working condition

Outdoor
(Suitable for outdoor Escalator or
passenger conveyer)

Explosion-proof
method

Not applicable

Explosion-proof
level

Not applicable

Certificate
covers

For the product type FT1Z4840 of the escalator/passenger conveyer driving machine whose
rated output rotate speed ≤39.80 r/min and rated output torque ≤5413 N·m

Covering principle of driving machine:

For driving machines whose driving mode, whole construction pattern, pattern of the reduction device,

center distance and axes intersection angle, Material grade of contacting surface on transmission pair, height

of  output  shaft  axis(only  for  the  machines  without  reduction  device),  construction  pattern  of  the  motor,

quantity and construction pattern and acting position of the brake , applicative anti-explosion pattern are the

same to the test sample, the certificate covers products whose motor rated power, line speed of the traction

sheave (designed line speed of the traction sheave, drum or sprocket pitch diameter) and anti-explosion grade

are no more than the test sample. Certificates whose applicative work environment is outdoor cover indoor.

Notes:
1. Document ID No. XPSQ2022050130AENZS.

